q10.Could you specify the reason why you would or would not recommend Trade Assurance Service?
everything you could imagine to purchase to sell or buy for yourself in one place
It's a safety net for both buyer and supplier
I would recommend it because it adds a layer of safety for the buyer.
It is a convenient platform
great
the shipping is more expensive to mexico city
fast service
I recommend it because even though it is my first time buying on this page I liked it
it have everything you need
Secure
Honest sellers.
i am having issues with a paticular seller that sold me faulty goods.
easy to use
Was fast and secure
Good piece of mind.
Everything I've gotten has been exactly what i wanted.
It adds safety and peace of mind
Hadn?t recieved my orders yet.
Nice peopleFast deliveryExcelent services
I would Recommend because this is an amazing way to get good product at a low price! Shipping is fairly quick and on time as provided.
Easy to use and get direct contact with suppliers
As a small business it can be unsettling to do business directly with companies over seas. This help reassure us that we can compete and bring in items safely with out risk.
Very good service
Very efficient and cost effective
Don't feel protected when items arrive in a completely shoddy manner. This isn't a business, this is a flea market
I have dealt with Chinese imports for years, and Alibaba more recently. I have only praise to give to all of you. Nothing is perfect but holding money in escrow and asking feedback is  a way to constantly improve. The products and services I have received and experienced with the merchants of Alibaba, and the administration of Alibaba, is exemplary in all that's good and exciting with global commerce. I feel like a kid in a candy store, shopping through your very large portal web site. Thanks for all you do.
It has been impossible to use a Canadian credit card and I have been unable to find out the reasons, after asking my bank they have said the there is not even a try from Alibaba to charge; I contacted help from Alibaba the they said it was by bank fault however I am able to use the credit card in any other platform like paypal or amazon or ebay
pienso que da seguridad al momento de realizar el pago
I found the experience for the security that Alibaba gives its clients in the payment of the products good. I like the evaluations that each provider has so one can choose the most convenient one.
very high shipping prices
Sometimes is a little difficult to buy more than 20 things with someone.
I feel better knowing I can trust a supplier
I have not received my order after waiting a month
It’s difficult to get quick responses and exact pricing with shipping. Seems to hidden fees.
-
They do not protect buyers from dishonest sellers. And they use generic responses instead of personanlized ones. Not protecting buyers at all. When asked for supervisor or a contsct to report dishonest seller, the dispute agent ignored my request, the international team ignored my request.  ALIBABA needs to have a regulatory body to regulate sellers with no integrity
Received counterfeit goods
ok very nice. very good.
Prices are good, but the site is less user-friendly. Other people are not likely to trust Chinese suppliers for returns, purchases, or good quality products. Overall, still a good site though!
because is simply and efficent
We would recommend it because it protects against fraudulent suppliers. This is important to us.
The supplier did not ship the item and Aliababa did not help me at all to get a refund.
Security.  Alibaba have always done the right thing and responded promptly to any issues.
then  you can buy with confidence
very good the best in the world thank you alibaba
the tax was not included in price of items bought. This added up to 20% of the product
I would recommend it, because he made several purchases through Alibaba and had no problems and I think it is very safe.
...
no comment thank you
I have had a very bad experience with your trade assurance system. Still waiting now after 3 months for a refund from an order i made which has not been delivered.$3800.00.NOT HAPPY
The equipment has great quality and the service provided is  high level. I would like to especially thank William's work for the enormous professionalism and help he has shown throughout the process. I recommend this supplier for the quality and professionalism.
I would Recommmend
cost or exchange rate
good
I WANT TO RECOMMEND TRADE INSURANCE FOR PURCHASE MONITORING INSURANCE UNTIL DELIVERY
colis non livré - mais payé ...
I don't feel safe or protected by Alibaba. I am from the United Kingdom and buy most of my products from East Asia. I have received fake goods, products that are unable and i attempted to address this on one occasion and i wasn't supported by Alibaba.
very reliable, and its nice having peace of mind that product will for sure arrive.
There is still the fear of being cheated. Not enough protection and reassurance of safety with payments.
very very simple, could not fault
I would recommend for sure, but i think also you guys have to select more carefully the suppliers, and also clarify with suppliers that every single add that they put on website has to be correct, as the number of times i ordered something and then the supplier would come back and say, ohhh but this is not the
There should be a tool after the deal is complete to evaluate the performance of the supplier, rather than, basically only writing a review.
when it comes to money it is always good to have insurance
very nice service
because it safe trustworthy
Through this website, i was connected to a manufacturer that has helped me to launch my successful new business.
Not working after european standardsGuarantee, assurance is,nt worth the time..
Trade assurance is 100% in favor of suppliers and not buyers. It is a complete rip off. I got $ 7,000 USD stole from a supplier and the trade assurance dispute agent was 100% in favor of the supplier even after I provided a ton of evidence
easy to contact sellers and trade assurance garunteed
it?s all perfect
Very nice communication.
trade assuranse service is satisfactory and convenient
I order order the earphone last March 3, 2020 until now never received anything. Try to message the seller .at first she is very active then now not even answering my message.
Excelent! Job
I would recommend it because is the safest way in the world to make business.
i would recommend a trade with him because the product is all fmfxtr branded a good brand and the reply he give to the customer very fast and politely .  we can change the order till the last moment, the packing is aslo very good
efficient to protect payment, sure to receive the goods ordered.
very good
I would recommend trade assurange because it is sure do bussines about this term.I preffer do bussines with companys register in trade assurange.
not sure.
because there are an infinite number of suppliers, although the reviews of other pages say that it is risky because there are false suppliers
Safe way of paying, because of the insurance you have
Only promises, nothing come true.  You are taking care ONly about chinese sales partner.  YOu are dont taking care about Customer .... only useless talking  about corona. But nothing about loses of customer which is becouse of Supplyer wrong transport services. We have to pay in advance but not receiving a goods, we as customer having BIG MONEY SHORT only becouse of chinese partner services. So i would recomend to my friend: " IF you want to make business with CHINA, never  ever via ALIBABA or ALIEXPRES.  ONLY WITH CHINESE PEOPLE WHICH YOU KNOW PERSONALY."
i dont have any comments at this time. however i woul dlike this service to be available for indonesian supliers.
Protection
I would recomend it because it is easy to use, the sellers give you support at any time.
Extra Protection
no
Very responsible service.
It's safe
I'm not very familiar with the assurance process
i cant cancel an order like the vendor asked me to...Creating an order was a pain in the Bottom soI have to make the vendor do it.
Great service. But problems with messages
any
It takes for to long to work out any problems.
je n'ai pas encore re?u ma commende
It helps up be sure we are not getting ripped off
I couldn't say. It's so so, not very special.
na
NA .....
Some of your suppliers are rude.   They upcharge shipping.  It's sad.   Because losing a lot of business.   I wanted something here, $30 for 10 small items and $40 shipping.  I can buy it cheaper in the states.   So I guess alibaba is going to the wayside until they can figure out how to regulate the shipping.  Make them put in the weight and regulate like the states do.
None
your trade assurance protect us i like that
Make the buyer feel safer in a new relationship
It's too soon for me personally to share an experience. I've had 0 issues so far.
.
Negotiation is simple, and gives some security to less experienced buyers.
Takes too long to go though the refund....Asked to upload too many time........If you can't upload your proof in that amount of time...... you shouldn't ask for a refund
in case of accidents with your order, its a pleasure to have trade assurance .
After working through COVID-19 delays in China, then getting the runaround and lies from seller, I’m told I should have filed a claim prior to the 30 days.  The seller used my good Will and trust to run out the clock.  Ample evidence in the Alibaba messages between myself and seller to show my involvement with trying to clear the issues up, as suggested, to have Trade Assurance say too bad too late.   The wrong product was shipped, poorly labeled and a big chunk of the order still hasn’t arrived.  The seller claims she saw an update to the location of final box, but there was none when I checked.  I even did a new search just to make sure I hadn’t made an error entering numbers.  This is not the first seller to use COVID-19 to run the lock out on claims.  There is no recourse, no matter what, after 30 days.
very helpful agents and speedy service
Extremely confusing to shop as the product suggested is from all kinds of suppliers and you end up jumping all over dozens of different vendors and can never find your way back to the one you do what to order from. There are so many of these Chinese companies and they all look the same. Challenging to place an order as well, you basically must talk to somebody most of the time to place a simple order. Makes no sense. I wan to be able to add it to my cart and have it all in one place and place one large order instead of talking to 15 different people.
alibaba is great
Sometimes the companies do not go trade assurance rules. They take their time and give customer excuses after taking our money
It is very practical
Efficiency, security
Me gusta hacer compras, es accesible.
Information are more organized and faster
I like the fact that if the product doesn't met my expectations I can send it back without worry.
communication and process are easy and simple.
Distance can feel like a barrier when you're doing business. But with the Trade Assurance Service you feel save to order. You dare to spend :) because of the trust.
no
I have had no issues really. No experience
Peace of mind.
error in refund , still do not have my refund
Alibaba protect the seller all the time and never take care the buyer. I loss more than $3,000 dls because Alibaba's customer service decision on the seller site.
None
Be healthy and take care of yourself and your families!
Payment fee for Visa is rather high, and moreover when suppliers hear you want to use Trade assurance they also add 2%. As they explain Alibaba withdraw 2% from them when they use Trade Assurance.
It gives piece of mind knowing you are protected.
Kylie has excellent service, she helped me with my questions, the shipping was very fast.
It is a great trust building tool. Since I'm 'new' to the platform this is especially important. But all assurances can only be assessed when they are claimed. I did not have to do so yet. Therefore I'm happy to use it especially since it's affordable and relatively easy, but can not give an accurate assessment on satisfaction, quality or usefulness.
kindly note that whenever I order certain items I would appreciate if you could send all the items together at one time.
Making it easier to do business
I did not receive my product but you are saying it is delivered
Is trust alibaba
safety
Nice platform to trade. Easy to understand and makes the factory accountable.
Alibaba is really well run and mostly suppliers are helpful and attentive.  The only reason I would not recommend Alibaba would be because it is very hard for small companies in the US market to find products not already sold on Amazon. So, if you are looking to break into Amazon as a seller it is hard to find a product that is not already saturated that market.  Suggestions would be to have companies who can work with smaller minimums and who would be willing to offer some products exclusively to US customers and a way to notify people to brand new products quickly so new sellers can be better able to know what is not readily available on Amazon.  Maybe a specific way buyers could find companies who can work with lower minimums?  The MOQ's are a killer if you are new and discourage new companies from buying from more suppliers.
no coments
Safe for buyer
ordered several goods and they are not yet delivered
Its very difficult to filter out the good quality supplier from the rest. Alot of the suppliers doesnt have basic commend of English enough to strike a deal. Trade Assurance doesnt cover quality, but only basics of arrival of goods. A lot of suppliers doesnt have good quality products. A lot of supplier also tend to put an extremely long delivery time even though they promsie 7 days for example so there is no trade garantee in that case.
makes me feel secure with my order :)
easy to work deals, pay, and communicate with suppliers. Easy to find what you are looking for.
I have made a purchase from a manufacturer through Alibaba and asked him to tell me the exact price of the product placed in Spain, I paid him what he told me, but now the order is in Spain and they do not deliver it to me because I have to pay a fee and also require a series of documents, it is a very unsatisfactory purchase, I told the seller that he wanted the product in Spain and to give me the price and he gave me the price and paid it, but has not complied, I am also trying to communicate with someone who can explain, but Alibaba does not help me and the seller ignores me, I feel cheated and without help.
I am satisfied with all parts except the head gasket for my engine which is leaking coolant on the first start up. I would recommend TAS as it is a convenient way to source required supplies. However there is a huge discrepancy in pricing from various companies.
some suppliers don't use it.
haven't used it so far.
Time to show prove is too short.
Easy and safer
Fortunately, I have not had reason to make any sort of claim or complaint. So if the concept of repercussions encourages very good service, then it would appear to be working well for me.
My experience is positive and I feel that my purchases is securely.
High processing fees for credit cards. Customers can't initiate a contract change, only suppliers and often times, it is difficult to communicate the change to suppliers and they make the wrong changes. Then we have to go through a back and forth communication.
EXCELENTE
There's no follow up from the app, also it is not clear where to put a complaint.
My order process proceeded very quickly and without problems. Thanks
It is clean and let you sure with your operations
the best
ok
The investigation process take a long time. For a buyer who has a long history of successful transactions and only one dispute, it should not be as challenging to exercise the trade assurance.
very quick service
I have made contact with some wonderful buisnesses.
because some products are not delivered.
it makes payment safe
convenient, Diversity
it was efficient and easy to use/understand
Really hard to actually check when something is wrong
It's pretty easy to find a vendor through alibaba.
The information is mass，i can't find the information i really want
N/A
I will greatly appreciate the inconvenience.I can't judge yet.
Excellent and easy service
I recommend alibaba trade assurance simply because
I would recommend trade assurance for the peace of mind that comes with it!
Very
trade assurance not used, but good to have something to protect the buyer.
I have been trying to reach someone about orders I paid for and never received. I want my money back. No one is responding. Almost $200 worth of items I never received but paid for two months ago
because the answer time is litle
i recommend cause my package arrived on time and in good shape.
I be waiting for the refund the other earings never get It AND i keep waiting for the new remplace of the phones
many seller not certified
Our company loves the vendors we have encountered :)
high fees on credit cards
Great way to secure your order and reduce fears of ordering internationally.
The service was secure, fast, and convenient
Alibaba is not helping with a supplier that does not want to pay the fees associated with getting the item to San Diego according to our agreement.
It helps me know that my order is safe
Well done
Up to know everything resulted really good.
Some suppliers don't do a good job at disclosing everything, and it is a pain to deal with.
It is easy to use and also to communicate with the seller, the guarantee they offer is also important!
Great quality of product from the supplier and fast shipping. Great communication with what I was looking for.
GREAT SERVICE
some sellers never ship items
even with trade assurance, vendors purposely wait to the last day before you can file a dispute and it become the buyers fault.  Or when the vendor purposely sends nothing to a fake address and mark as sent
safe and fast
SAFE
there are a lot of problem with shipping.
My experience with Alibaba is that Alibaba tend to favor the supplier/seller side. When there's obvious product quality issue or mistake, it's guaranteed that I won't get my money back - so the trade assurance doesn't really protect the buyer.
security
I would reommend the service Because it brings confidence to the money paid and that I can withdraw money if supplier is not fair or fail to provide quality product.
I do not recommend Alibaba trade assurance because it does not really protect customers. After 65 days I purchased I paid for an express shipment and Alibaba does not exercise caution in acknowledging the refund. I will no longer buy on Alibaba
Trade assurance service is okay, the cost is very high.
never had any issues before.
I am satisfied with TAS.
so far the service has been excellent
you will not give me my money back
\website is easy to use
it is a platform that gives security to the buyer, in case it is deceived by the supplier we can count on the security of alibaba.com to protect our buyer interest, as we are buying from unknown people and if we did not have the protection of alibaba.com it would be very difficult to do This type of business, so I recommend for the sake of security to protect the business so that it occurs efficiently and concretely.
It worked
The transaction fee should be refunded if the order is canceled due to the fault of the supplier.
none
Easy and fast to apply.
seriedad en los negocios y confianza
it's a good service. only concern is the time it takes to receive your product as it relates to going through Customs etc. I
Overall it wasn't too bad but never received all of my order, they did send me some more stuff. I just never received one of the sets I ordered at all.
Did not receive my orders
Great platform
not yet try for bulk purchase
Our last two purchases from BOQU was a disaster. The vendor is not providing technical assistance, we were new to alibaba, the first order deadline was shifted twice. All deliveries were delayed. Delayed accepted due to current pandemic. But technical support and warranty services are denied even when defects were communicated on time. We are an Indian Start-up company having spend almost more than $2000 with BOQU we are stranded and stand in a crisis situation on being delt with chinese vendors.
Easy to use.
It’s safe
I don?t charge for it
The only time when I had a problem with my supplier and had to go to trade assurance to have a refund , I found out that it was a big epic failure .. I lost $3000 USD and Alibaba could not care less.
I ordered by ALiBABA on first june, and untill now the supplier are askig me subjects, just to got time!And Alibaba didn?t do anything!
as
Fast and perfect transaction certainly because your assurance service
N/A
I didn't got the order yet still waiting for shipment to deliver
This site has EVERYTHING anyone with a business could need!
I was able to secure my order safely and swiftly without having to worry about the supplier taking my money without delivering the good first.
I would recommended TAS because it is very professional and trustworthy, I am confident that if the seller does not deliver services I will receive a refund.
it's because i haven never seen such a unprofessional and stupid dispute managers i have opened case last 3 moth and after 3 month dispute manager said i have trade term EXW that's why i'm not right when i have FOB. this stupid ass holes can not check what trade term we have in order how they can check evidences and make right decision is not clear. i have never seen such a bad refund process. Alibaba just want stay at suppliers side don't care about customer service!
Very good
I feel protected when using the service
no reason not to recommend trade assurance service
Easy & User Friendly to organise parts machining services.
All posting price is fake, when i enquire on the product, the price quoted is few times of what was indicated on seller webpage.all my orders haven't reach me and it just updater by itself order complete. what rubbish is this
it is efficient, fast, and works very well
good price e news
Trade Assurance Service is a very good way to buy what we need.It is a safe way.
it Works ok
Suppliers answer relatively fast. Msgs system works very well
I would recommend for sure.
Unfortunately there are many traders who accept money and then do not produce/deliver, so Trade Assurance is very important for us. This area should be expanded.
If I recommended Alibaba at all, I would tell someone to insist on Trade Assurance. But I cant refer anybody to you until you have addressed my rights with a supplier that should be protected by you. Lately many Chinese suppliers have not been having good conduct and when we clearly have a guaruntee and they acknowledge that they screwed up, they are not compensating us and Alibaba is not supporting us. (neither AliExpress). I would be ashamed to recommend you and then have that happen to a colleague. Maybe that will change when you finally support my current open case.ANother big problem with Trade assurance... size... my contract was worth more than 50,000 USD but your trade assurance to the gold supplier would not protect more than 30,000USD?!
i would recommend
Trade assurance is why I use Alibaba . I dont have to worry about vendor trustworthiness
service
no
i didn't receive the shipment.Can you send again the package ?thanks
It makes it safe to buy products from companies that I don't know in without the usual legal protection that I would have in my own country
The sense of security it provides the customer with
safety
Trade assurance is only helping Chinese sellers. It offers no protection for buyers.
Every part of the ordering process was made easy
Absolutely not helpful, not honouring the trade assurance and being in the side with the seller.
it has all the necessary things to finished the job {good products,speak with the salesman directly,payment online,great service}
everything is efficient and clockwise. good for business
Fast and secure
I would recommend because it makes me feel safer when buying material.
I'm very satisfied with the connections I've made with quality distributors. All thanks to Alibaba.
you know product will have good quality
easy n safe
I recommend it, I am very sure with trade assurance that gives me more confidence when doing business.
It makes me easier to manager my order
Good service and good quality ,also send fast
Safe transact and quick shipping.
I am still disputing my transaction with Mr. Elly Wang of Luang Shihui Lighting Technology. I bought 150 pcs of UV LED liight sanitizer the price were $5.88 for 99-499 pcs. but he convinced me to be given a discount so I didn't noticed he gave me a higher price of $7.35 each and when I told him he would refund the difference of $220 he said the raw materials was up and now it's down but the transaction was only 1 day difference and telling me no one complain before, also a lot of product defects that I need to check each one from 150 pcs how frustrating is that , my first 10 orders were returned due to defects and got a bad reputation already. I told him to credit that from the refund he's going to give but it seems he doesn't want to do that and now he  wanted me to take video on all the defective  items and they will decide? I am really stress out.
i've been able to build a network of suppliers for my various businesses
Yes
It takes time for Bank Transfers to reflect to the seller
we had a problem with a supplier that over charge the departure port cost, we explain Alibaba and send all the documents proving the supplier was cheating on us but unfortunately Alibaba didn't do anything to defend our case, we are very disappointed by Alibaba."When we received the first billing but the freight forwarder, we were shocked to see there are unusual charges as it is CIF, so we asked them about these to which they replied in an email saying “these are origin charges”. Upon receipt of this email, we immediately asked them to indicate the terms “origin charges” to reflect the true nature of the costs. The supplier cannot deny this as it was his own freight forwarder who sent these origin freight charges to their agent here in the Philippines. These actually are ORIGIN FREIGHT CHARGES that must be paid by the supplier, and not by the buyer. Thus, the supplier needs to immediately refund of the same."
Your site and services are extremely confusing. I ordered months ago and still have not received product.
Trade assurance is very reliable and makes me comfortable
It has been very reassuring for me to purchase with Trade Assurance rather than just buy direct from a manufacturer in China.
Vocês precisam ter um canal de comunica??o direto com os clientes. O atendimento por rob? é horrível e as perguntas programadas só atendem problemas óbvios.
is better to use trade assurance, as the customer needs protection.
Peace of mind regarding orders placed via Alibaba.
it's ease y fast
porque se cumplio con los tiempos estimados a pesar del inconveniente
Sometimes suppliers are too slow to respond/ship.
I want my customers to buy from me not directly from alibaba
thanks
Very poor customer service and many sellers on this platform are not trustworthy. I will never use Alibaba again for any transaction until my concerns are resolved.
No comment
on time delivery
***
It works well.
the web site could better constructed. It seems the messaging is the worst.
open orders should not be automatically closed, as we had one that was pending correction by supplier that took some time to resolve. order has been closed but equipment not arrived yet
I could not get my question answered because it was from my business partner's account. I figured it out about a week ago.
Sales representatives are nice and very professional.  They have great customer service!
because is a serios website
expensive! Not great to protect the buyer!
Everithig ok. thank you
everything is made simple. i would recommend.
I have 2 very expensive orders that came in damaged, missing components, and unusable. I provided documentation, yet you have cancelled one dispute TWICE and still have not resolved the other.... I spent over $20,000 USD believing your Trade Assurance would protect me if something was wrong yet you have done NOTHING to help me.
it's safe and help to not be a victim of fraud and scammers.
It gave me the confidence to place my order securely with new and unknown suppliers.
Easy to use and a large range items to buy
Good communication. Pretty quick shipping.
Good productGet what you wantEasy trading
It's Safe and very comfortable
THE SHIPPING COST AND TIME IS A LOT
Faced few issues with it lately
the  vendor provide very bad quality of product this web site is not relevant
no
reliable
Great communication access and customer service
I would highly recommend because its a safe way to conduct business hassle and scam free!
Trade assurance is a must have to make it  possible to purchase products without an agent in china.
Alibaba decide complains to Chinese side...
Provide guarantee. I don't worry about payment fraud.
Reassurance.
i like it
Very professional service and great product! Very happy!
x
It seems that seller and Alibaba seems first of all want to gain time. After escalation it is written that Alibaba would respond within 5 days. Not only you took the full time, but an extra day for a reply asking additional prove from us. We did not receive the goods within time. What kind of prove do you in addition want?
I didn't write a review, because I haven't received the product yet! The product I ordered came and was shipped to Kazan only yesterday-13.06.2020, yesterday I picked it up, there was a slight delay in time, but this is not critical, the product and your service are very happy, I will recommend it to all my friends. Thanks.
People on alibaba do not list true price range and always , change it to higher price when you send them an inquiry about a product . you need to do a better job of mandating that all sellers on Alibaba have accurate pricing so that they dont waste our time with bait and switch tactics  , or use the many excuses why the listing price they advertise is less than half the amount than what they want to charge potential buyers when we contact them . In other words,  force them to be upfront, ethical,  and honest like China values used to be  !
the quality is very good..
made my order in the date 3.5 today is the 14.6 and didnt have recive my order want to say that the suplier i made contact with him and he didnt help me at all the only thing he said to me is wait for sure that it was my last time to buy something on alibaba
Trade made simple.
BAD SERVICES, NOT GIVE TO THE BUYER THE COVER ABOUT PUERCHASE
excellent
Easy, Convenient, Safe
OKAY
it didnt work when i need it
Safety, security, fairness
Provide some peace of mind
I would recommend it as it gives the buyer more assurance about the fulfilment of their order.
Can't think of anything.
it gives security to the buyer
It is most likely due to COVID but I have yet to receive items more than 3 months later. One package finally arrived just 2 days ago but one is still missing without any updated tracking information over a month ago. This seller is kind enough to offer me half price refund for when the items do finally arrive. What I dislike is the automatic "Order complete" status after a few days irregardless of whether there are issues or not. It shouldn't be automatic status change.
I feel it is a safe way of submitting orders and paying for orders
easy buyer
alibaba took money from seller for trade assurance but they stand only for chinese supplier. totally unfair and bad conduct on international business. i order with the name and pic, but they delivered worng item. but alibaba took on the supplier side. if the product does not same as on the picture specified. it is common sense, we cant go to china, but we can order with the pic, visually, it has to be accurate. but alibaba team was out of promise. make them lose their credibility. if you want to stand in ur seller side, u pay or compensate for them , because you took money from seller.
Trade Assurance was great!
I think it more safe to use trad assurance.
Great service
i would 100% recommend.
Well because its safe i guess!!
My experience so far has been positive.
I would recommend the trade assurance service in my circle because it is a safeest method
Easy and fast
I would for sure recomend this service to other business owner but i wil nedve recomend it to my customers other wise that will be no need to buy from me.
i will recomend it
I think it is a good tool to guarantee the service and it gives you peace of mind that you cannot be scammed
Because my supplier didn't fulfilled the terms of the agreement and I had 0 € refund.
I never received the products I ordered, but I received a message today from Alibaba stating my order is completed. My Alibaba account showed the products shipped on 5/29/2020. I then requested shipment tracking information from the seller. The seller responded and said he would give me a shipment tracking number. It has been a week since he said he would give me a tracking number and he has not provided a tracking number or any other information about the status of my order. I have not received the products I ordered, and Alibaba sent me an email this morning saying the money I paid to the seller has been unfrozen. This was my first order ever placed through Alibaba. I was hoping it would be a success, so I could order additional items through Alibaba. Unfortunately, it does not appear to be a reliable source of products. I hope I receive a refund.
BUENA CALIDAD DE LOS TERMOMETROS . ENTREGA EN EL TIEMPO ESPERADO
No, I see only positives.
i liked it
Trust is a big concern when interacting with a vendor with regards to value, product quality, and pricing.Shipping pricing and duration are other main pain points.I also hate that I have to absorb conversion costs, and make all payments upfront without know what will eventually turn up, if it will turn up at all.  Most sales people block their info, so even though I do see the company info, I really don't know who I am dealing with.
It is too difficult and not clear to me
So far good service fair practices
Very fast shipping i a satisfied
I did not receive the goods, and Alibaba sent a message that the goods were received.
Everything is made very easy
I would recommend, because, its for your own security...
They dont understand the situation and favourise the Chinese businesses. ALso the reply time for the customer is lower than the trader and Alibaba. They are bad to understand and think from the customer perspective.
Fast - secure - professionnal
safe transaction
provides nice feeling of being secured
Yingshang Long Yuyang delivered broken stools/chairs.  Trade Assurance team didn't get me the refund for the broken items, didn't get me a partial refund either.
some items are not available, we have to get from other sources
Despite of Trade Insurance some traders still send out damaged or faulty things. What's the point of saying Assurance?
fast delivery
shipping cost to high
I had mistrust at the beginning, but everything was very good, the friendly people and everything turned out perfect
i will recommend it. it is safer
Great Value and Shipping Validation
Works 100% fine
na
Idk
Easy to find what you are looking for
SECURITY
Pricing.
I would recommend trade assurance service because it's legit
Great custom merchandise and timely shipment delivery
Peace of mind and quality assurance.
I would recommend alibaba to anyone looking to start a business because its very useful,has many different products to choose from, awesome prices and decent shipping time!
Because the products are good quality and fair pricing.
Responsible an reliable customer service
the user interface is counter-intuitive and uselessly complex. Choosing the (shipping) carrier is painful and often leads to mistakes from the seller.
no
Trade assurance did consider the evidence provided. Suppliers are getting away with being dishonest and alibaba does nothing about it. Suppliers should be held accountable for false or misleading buyers. It causes unnecessary cost's on buyers.
It is a safe way to do business. Buyers are protected with this service.
trade assurance does not protect buyers.
Not apply
ok
I would recommend them because they survive is the best.
It's exactly that - an assurance
ok
easy process
excellent services
THERE ARE GOOD PRODUCTD
Once I demand a chinese company that do not return money, I ask for help from alibaba, and they close the case.
Alibaba has a very big varetiy of items.
trade assurance is great however, we would like to see more restrictions on sellers, sellers they have been providing fake tracking numbers or some times no tracking at all, i have tons of fake dhl ups tracking that has been no update on them and the status keep saying lable created and no shipment have been dropped of to ups/dhl.the shipping process is not transparent when the seller is taking care of the order + shipping, we need a better easy to navigate shipping too that can provide cheaper Air shipping. alibaba logstics tool is expensive. I want to ship with trusted company and the last thing I ( as a buyer ) want to worry about is where is my shipment.
Because it gives me security when placing my order
All good !
Very easy to use
Trade Assurance Service is an easy way for a buyer to feel confident when buying from a new supplier overseas.
I would like to recommend Trade Assurance Service because it's reliable, easy and fast way of payment, no hassle and less charges.
Good sevice
I think alibaba should also include sourcing agent service
feel secure making my payments
will recommend
Assurance gives some extra safety for the trade
NA
good products and prices
I did not use the service. This is my 1st order and it was not clear how to use it.
Very reliable service
i have orders not never arrive and they got the money.
Because of the security for buyers, and the efficiency on the trade
Very easy to source products, excellent communication with suppliers
Safety
I like Alibaba protection. I like to pay with credit card. I like to feel like I'm am buying from a neighborhood store.  I like the service Alibaba gives. I love the people I work with.
Safety
Convenience, security and efficiency
I bought an item on Alibaba, assuming that the item will be as I buy them. Seller sent me totally a different quality and looking product, when I complained, Alibaba said, they cant help while I have all the documents that the seller showed me different product. Just because the seller wrote on his website that the item might be slightly different from the photos. Very unhappy with the trade assurance. Very unhappy.
Am comfortable with their services
The protection for european business customer which will produce in China is really good. The trade assurance save us. Thank you!
no
Very Simple, Alibaba trade assurance did not protected me when i didi not receive a shippment and i had everything documented, I apply for a refund and alibaba trade assurence desided in favor of the seller. I still have not received the goods and i will never receive the good that i purchased back in december 2019.
Is not like efficiente, the suppliers have harry to make the order but it ins't to have the order on time
Alibaba and espacially Aliexpress their sending costs are way to high since the virus the prices are going up and it is not good anymore for buying on aliexpress or alibaba
No comment
Youc can find every thing you want.
Makes it easier to put working capital with suppliers I have no experience with.
Very robust system
I will recommend because first time I buy on Alibaba I was not delivered.Suppliers are not reliable!
It gives safety to buyers
We absolutely recommend this service because it simply removes all the worry and concerns people might have when dealing with overseas suppliers.
the 5% assurance percentage is high
Great business partners
Not friiendly user
Trade Assurance is great. You do not need to worry about quality of goods, while you can get refund.
If money amount was small
ok
It is a problem because the seller will refuse do the change in the estimate time negotiated, or only change the topic so you dismissed the problem
ok
everything okay
It protects seller, not buyer. Period
I really like it.
tengo varios pedidos y compras realizadas para venta al publico final, varios productos fallados y ya paso el tiempo de garantia por trade assurance y el provvedor en china no me quiere solucionar el problema ni enviar repuestos, deberian ampliar el tiempo de garantia, o permitir que comprador realize disputa por falla, yo envie imagenes, videos y aun asi el proveedor no responde, lee los mensajes, me pregunta cuantos tengo fallados y no contesta, no responde.
all my part is not here .....im missing  part and some weight ......please have somebody  call me asap 1-817-495-2917...........
Some suppliers  don't send complete order of what was order and do nothing.
Reliable!
good services fast good respond
Trade Assurance has made doing business with new factories in China much safer for me with way less risk.
a
horrible customer service. ive been waiting for my order for 2 months and i requested a refund and they will not give me one. im very frustrated and upset.
I like it but a little expensive
I don't recommend the high shipping.
Due to professionalism and overall impactful presence in the global markets.
Although it provides comfort of mind, we have not had to utilize the service to rate appropriately.
Quick reply for the queries and straightforward.
We need best price in delivery
my vendor yoyo  tang from  you bay is amazing  because of him n his company i will always send ppl to him he answers me no matter the time
Website is confusing and language barrier
IT IS THE FIRST TIME THAT I BUY.. I MAINTAINED COMMUNICATION WITH THE SELLER AND I GOT MY PRODUCT AHEAD OF TIME, EVERYTHING ARRIVED WELL ORDERED ANS VERY WELL PACKAGE.
during refund you didnt refund full amount i am very unhappy
Communication is not easy
Works very well! It is safe for buyer
I could recommend Trade Assurance to people because it is save and truthful.
Very reliable
The confidence to buy without risk
The trade assurance service is an extra layer of protection that is needed for people who buy from companies online. It also helps weed out the bad sellers
We need to see what people have to say about the vendors. Rating without verified buyers is not enough.
vendors play games with what you order not honest then have an attitude
I am in a different country. Sometimes sales people tell you something for you to make a purchase. I recommend Trade Assurance Service to other business owners as a way to protect our financial investments. If the company does not deliver the business owner is protected.
Good Prices, trustworthy and good tools in the app
I'd recommend it to keep track of your orders and make sure they are fulfilled
Business maa
He tenido problemas con la calidad del producto comprado
The cost.
Not now
The ordering process can be difficult.
-
Quick and easy to use
Let me be calm about my orders being fulfilled properly.
ITS EASY TO ORDER,  ITEMS OF GOOD QUALITY
i recommend because it is efficace and efficient
Limits on the transactions
Z
my problem has not been solved
Nothing on my order could be done even though I submitted everything correctly.  No customer service to talk to.
Security of purchase
Very professionals
Awesome service
Ok
I appreciate a company that stands behind customer satisfaction. It keeps the producers honest.
Peace of mind
I had an issue with one of the supplier. I raised it to Alibbaba to get it resolved, but it took so long & keep asking asking irrelevant questions without reading my problems. I believe there is set of questions they ask everybody with going through the details of the problem.It took so long for Alibaba to resolve in favor of the supplier that I lost my consignment.I refused to accept the consignment as it was not the right product that I ordered, but once Alibaba decided in suppliers favor & I paid for everything including freight & goods, it was so late that the courier sent the goods back. I cant have it & lost all my money..
Todo correcto menos el tema de los aranceles.
Perfect
Safe ans secured trasactions. Fraud proof.
fast shipping and product is as expected
I have ordered and paid for item to the value of more than $2,000.00.The company gave incorrect/false shipping information and has been difficult to contact to get a refund
The platform is not very user friendly.
Easy interface
It provide peace of mind
how can i recommend? I ordered money sent! I have not received the goods !!!
There is absolute transparency when dealing with suppliers.
Following an order that had a price increase after quote and payment! with the supplier sending 79 items instead of my 100 order buying from alibaba has not been my first choice1. The order was from Clark xu xuzhou Sunbright electronic tech However some companies are superb, Skmei watch company are a genuine credit to alibaba, my dealings with Calvin liu are spot on.
security of transaction
I would like it but you need to work with a variety of companies
I got ripped off and they didnt even look at the evidence i uploaded or respond to my comments. They just let the guy rip me off. He is probably ripping someone else off right now. I reported it to the Better Business Bureau, Internet Crime Complaint Center, and several scam adviser sites.
great security feature
No
I love the service. I love how quickly and polite each representative is . My products I order came very fast and was what I expected
Both parties are safe.  Easy and fast way to conduct new business.
Very easy to use.
It is very easy to use and creates confidence in ordering.
Trade Assurance Service gives me the peace of mind when I make orders with suppliers. At least I know I have someone to turn to if suppliers do not deliver their goods.
Very good and convenient so far
i havent had any problems so far. shipping is very high that should change for customers who purchase alot of items
WHY DOES IT TAKE SO LONG TO GET THIS ORDER SHIPPED ??PROBLEM THE SHIPPING PACKAGE IS WITHOUT A US ADDRESS.  WHY ?NOW THE PACKAGE IS STUCK IN A USPS POST OFFICE..SO WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THIS PROBLEM ???I HAVE SEND YOU EMAIL BEFORE AND NEVER RECEIVED  A REPLY ?PETER FEDROWITZ
Alibaba and their associates have kept their word on delivery and true to the product.  Thank you.
Some times it turns everything on a lenguage that I do not understand
people sending high quality test then low quality bulk sometimes different product
tuve una buena experiencia de compra, pero el chat y la forma de hacer las compras es muy enredado, podrian mejorarlo para que mas gente pueda hacer negocios.
Dealings with the seller has been very smooth and products were oujtstanding
great service each time
Until now order is not recieved it's almost 2 months already
nothing
Being able to have confident that i will receive what i paid for.
It gives me a level of confidence dealing with suppliers, specifically the ones that I haven't worked with before.
It' a easy process and the communication with suppliers is great..
no
My order was without problems. fast service, fast delivery and good product quality
wide range of products and the ability to communicate directly with vendors through chat
i would recommend trade assurance service because it so professional,safe, and security
Some of the items I've received have been really bad quality and the ability to get it worked out is limited.
d
You advertise products for different price on the web but when you want to place that order its more. This is false advertising. For example.  If a company puts down $6 for 5-50 pcs. and you order 50 they say it $9. Thats called lying and cheating.  I don't know how that works in your country by not in different countries.
service was okay
trade assurance is essential to eliminate the problem
I would recommend trade assurance service
It's not protecting us with the shipping method we arrange with our supplier so if I'm paying 6000$ US for a drop shipping service and the suppliers just sent me 6000$ worth of stock, nothing is protecting me. I will receive 6000$ of stock and then pay all the duty fee related to this product. 1000$ of shipping fee will be use for the shipment of the stock when the reality  is he was supposed to drop ship to every single addresses I sent to him.
shipping and handling is high
I had a bad review for a company and when I reached out Alibaba Customer Service they did not solve any issue
zero issues so far, very satisfied.
service has been good so far
Excellent service. Clear communication
Ok
i received package after 3 months and the items are damaged!
Give money back if the company did not meet the requiriments
I was well attended and the object arrived in time
vendor is patient and care to the customers
buen servicio en general, y entrega confiable
I would recommend, I feel safe buying items.
N/A
I find this formula very intelligent. It guarantees both parties (seller and buyer).
I have not received my shipment as of today Wednesday, June 10, 2020.  I requested DHL at the start door to door.  DHL was not  provided, UPS was.  The tracking number is invalid and I cannot be tracked here in USA.  I do not know where my packages are.
Automatic 'resolution' of delivery (or in this case non-delivery) in favour of the China entity. According to you, I have received my goods. In fact they never left China. And still have not. And I have no certainty they ever will.
J'ai acheté des sacoches de vélo et le fournisseur ne les jamais envoyées. Le fournisseur n'a jamais fais la preuve réelle de l'envoi.
wouldn't purchase from a new factory without it
none
Love the security and reassurance
I would.
the supplier has the power to not to refund me if we cannot get into agreement which is wrong
Have not had any reason to use Trade Assurance
Excellent service, on time delivery. Great suppliers base.
It gives me some assurance for something difficult to check myself because of the distance
it gives me security
It helped start good relationships with the trade assurance. I have had no problems. Its something you worry about when you have so much money on the line. After several deals I feel I understand better how the system works and can expand my purchasing
Easy to use, safe and secure
Stop your suppliers been so dishonest,I have just recently paid one of them for $26.50 is worth a cable over $100 US and they still asking for more money please resolve this will be unable to do business with Alibaba in the future
The Trade Assurance is useless. Supplier do a mistake on mobile phone answer, and Alibaba ask to resend product at my expense.Trade Insurance is only offers to return the phone at my expense FOR A SUPPLIER MISTAKE!!!I have paid 40.5 € custom fees for bad telephone version + 20 € alibaba fees (no refund) + if I wanted resend : paid 125 € to be refund FOR A SUPPLIER MISTAKE !!!I don't have any other solution than to keep mobile phone & accept 100 USD refund. I have always the bad version of mobile phone.It is verry unserious service.
Too many trading companies and not real factories and they just want to sell like Tmall and not interested in large export order.And it happened before that I was mis-read by Alibaba system that I am here to advertise because I send out my email contact to suppliers, I was cut and could not be recovered until after few days, really drove me crazy.
I got my goods fine so no need to use trade insurance but this is very good service for protection of buyer
I got my goods fine so no need to use trade insurance but this is very good service for protection of buyer
I got my goods fine so no need to use trade insurance but this is very good service for protection of buyer
I got my goods fine so no need to use trade insurance but this is very good service for protection of buyer
I got my goods fine so no need to use trade insurance but this is very good service for protection of buyer
I got my goods fine so no need to use trade insurance but this is very good service for protection of buyer
Too many trade companies.
safety
None
Top grade services.
Provides confidence and protection
you were true to your word
no experiance with
it well protect buyers
Recommend: most of products found in Alibaba, Not recommend: some sellers have a limit of English and bad communication such chasing customers to confirm receipt even though the products not yet arrived customer's hand
The responses seem to be automated, without understanding the customers problems, the responses are standard.
No
Goog trade assurance content
some vendor qualities are not as good as expected
It gives me the confidence to purchase products through this means.I would recommend Alibaba not to allow companies to sell products without Alibaba intervening in these operations, unfortunately I have been the victim of a fraud with a company that advertises in this medium.
n/a
they are of no help
none
yes, will recommend
shipping fees are crazy products are cheaper on amazon?  how is that possible if they are made in china
This is only my second order but so far everything is going well.
no
Safe
Gives security
Your platform is hard to navigate and the suppliers do not read the request properly which results in unwanted responses. This takes time to go through and respond
Pleasure working with Ann Nee
After I weeded out the bad manufactures I picked the best one. And he has been good to me.
great
I like the trade assurance knowing my money is protected when ordering
Always been able to connect with quality manufacturers and able to receive very good products for the price quoted from manufacturers.
because the suppliers tells you that they have some quality and finally inform that is lower so we have to change the Order
I felt comfortable making my order and paying my invoice.
Alibaba is a great source to research on vendors on any varieties of product. You can always enquire about any products and negotiate with you own comfort from home.
Its easy and very supportive.
Recommended for the reliability it gives me to pay under a protected system
I would recommend it because it is simple and user friendly
Very effective collaboration marketplace.
some of the communication is lacking when it comes to interpretation. Also, shipping from a specific country should be structured.
Good suppliers get RFQ and those interested respond fast and continue conversations till deal is done.
A plataforma e defacil de usar.
Fácil para comprar, rápido e inteligente.
Great trading platform to start their own businesses.
We need more reliable shipping service to USA
It's a good serviceIt's good to have this serviceThanks..
easy and faster than I expected
after payment goods not recived. customer service is also wrost.
There's not enough informations
no llego nada de nada espero respuesta
The website is not user friendly at all. It is hard to navigate, find what you're looking for, the chat feature is confusing and doesn't always show the suppliers the products that the buyer is looking for. Orders have been missed by my suppliers and not caught except because I haven't received them within weeks, then having to message to get clarification and they were just "missed."
One of the companies we're evaluating, Dongguan Dason Electric Co. sent transducer samples that were of very uneven quality. More than 50% of them would not pass as parts we would use. I'm nervous that the conversation I have with the vendor will not go well.
not received product and not devolution the money
I liked the service, quite fast. Also very safe
Everythings fine
because is sure and confidence
havent needed to use it myself
You have direct contact with the suppliers of products
easy from start to finish
A gaurantee to get right product
Very good seller service.
No
I would recommend buying from reputed sellers on Alibaba to business oriented individuals who don't mind the extra wait for the shipping and are looking for supplier for the long run.I would not recommend Alibaba to individuals who are not patient and who do not do research or ask the right questions.
Always fast response
The way to navitage into the website is hard
Great service, support, quality and prices!!
I purchased a product through alibaba and when it arrived it was not what i had ordered the company had falsely advertised the item when i went back to the company they admitted to me but we not willing to refund or take it back. I then went through your refund procedure and did not get any satisfaction as they took the word of the supplier i am now left with a product that has cost me a lot of money and now have to sell at a loss,
Good source of quality inexpensive products.
I would never recommend this platform alibaba. It is evident how the Chinese economy tries to grow on a large scale, trying to position itself in 1st place: dishonestly, irresponsibly, with deceptive advertising, committing fraud, scam and robbing global consumers. The 1st place will always be for an economy like the US, whose honesty, support, science, R&D, responsibility and compliance with trade agreements and terms are a reality. So you miserable Chinese people must continue the shameful task of continuing to scam and deceive global consumers, until one day we collectively become aware and decide to send them to the commercial abyss, to such a deep precipice, that they will never be able to recover economically and commercially.Alibaba is a dishonorable, dishonest, irresponsible platform and never complies with commercial guarantees, they are legitimate scammers.
30 day limit should be increased to 60 days.
Beacuse it takes a lot of money from the transaction that is being done.
Unpredictable, but good overall.
It's work and is motivating seller be on-time and functional without delay in additions that approaching to fully item description. Me as a buyer I feel without doubt more safe in transaction and orders.
security and a lot products
It is really safe
powerful software and process flow.
I recommend it because that way you can’t be ripped off when you don’t receive what you have purchased. Thanx Max.
Easy to use
It provides you with a measure of security when making purchases.
Piece of mind with purchases
excellent service and safe to the client.
I like the trade assurance.
Verry happy
It gives me a knowing that if goods are broken or lost in transit i dont louse money
I use trade assurance for peace of mind when spending large amounts of money on imports.
It is effective
Okay
Makes my order secure.
in my both orders, 20% of the product come with problms, doesnt work
The service is very reliable and make a customer feel safe.
it is safe and trustfull
Helps to protect innocuous investors' funds
It said That
It is best service
Trade assurance is good because it seems to make the sellers more reliable.However the seller does change pricing along the way (from advertised pricing) makes the process a little confusing. (more work)
Safety
the system, i.e how it operate is easy to follow and informative
Easy to deal with. Feel safe ordering.
Everything went according to my ideas
Safe feeling and quality suppliers that offer it (didn't need to make use of it thus far) :-)
Good communication.
none
Safe and easy to use
Because we have every on one platform and the trade is secury
I trust Trade Assurance.  So far it has worked out very well and all of my transactions have gone through with no problem.
100% secure. I trust Trade assurance Service and Alibaba
The seller created a trade assurance order but I did not get an email !!!
You do not make it easy to fullfill all the required actions to sucesfully put a claim through
never had to use it
I would recommend it , it makes buyers more confident. It is essential.
still waiting on a order to be fixed hope i dont lose my money
no :)
trade assurance for buyers.
suppliers are helpful and support with their best effort, otherwise product are good as the pic in their ads.
Its reassuring when you're making your purchases.
no
I like that all transactions are through Alibaba and they can be tracked and followed up.
works well
It is easy and convenience to find a best product in it. And it will save my time and the charge to go to visit and search the factories. I can check and a better supply from the data in Alibaba.
Service charge is too high.
I would so that the scammers need to refund the money they stole. also the refund aspect if they dont send you the product you ordered
It is very simple and easy to understand & operate.
Good customer service.
payment is secure.
very good
There is a loop hole in the trade assurance and the merchants are taking advantage on it. when an order is placed and payment made, the merchant will specify that they had shipped out the parcel with a dummy tracking number. This will tricked the system that the seller had shipped out but in fact they have not. Since that the buyer assumes that the seller had shipped, buyer will not question anything until when the trade assurance had expired and the parcel has not been shipped out. This is when the buyer realized that the seller had been tricked by the buyer. The buyer will be at the mercy of the seller as there are no Alibaba assurance anymore. I strongly suggest that Alibaba look into this practice by some merchants seriously
I don't understand what it is.
it closes the order automatically after certain days.
use full help our business
great service
Grate communication, and very professional.
no
MY ACCOUNT WAS DISABLED FOR NO RESON
Because there is no "Assurance". I placed an order for a very expensive sample that I never received  and I opened a case 6 months ago that was never resolved.
Horrible SERVICE!
I feel like somebody has my back.
It's great
HelloThe site is well-suited for users
I purchased an item that never arrived but when I asked for a refund Alibaba sent me to the seller. I had to rely on the seller to be responsive and offer a refund. The seller fortunately agreed to the refund but I have not yet received it.
Order not received.
POOR COMMUNICATING WAITING FOR REFUND AND STILLL NOTE GETTING MY MONEY BACK
Trade Assurance give us tranquility and to have sure own cash and bussiness is the most important after health.
I have already recommended a few people due to excellent customer service.
very efficient
Trade assurance protects your purchases. I feel safe and secure with the Trade Assurance transactions.
When my package came to my country nobody cantacted with me about my package's arrival. After 1 mounth i have learned that my package is in my country.
variety of business
I haven't received the goods after 3 months and I haven't got my refund back yet. Totally disappointed !!!!
.
They are very efficient
No complaints
Great service and safe transactions.
I love Alibaba!!! Great deals but shipping is outrageous!
i would recommend it because its easy to use and the trade assurance its great
None, I would recommend Trade Assurance
no reason
great place for trade, slight learning curve but, easy  to use
Very easy to find thingd and it legit
I wish there was more USA vendors
Fraudster
highest rating from me.
This has been my first time ordering and I am not use to it as of yet.  I am sure as time goes by and I am use to the system it will be a fantastic part of my ordering process
I tried it is quite safe.
Security
Find it a bit not user friendly to choose payment options and to proceed with payment
Secure and I feel safe using it
Because you never reply and you never support personally, then you also charge for service but never send a receipt!
Peace of mind, that the supplier is reputable
Easy and secure payments
I'm a customer in the uk. despite safety certificates from my manufacturer in china that I sourced via this site i still cant get product liability insurance in the uk effectively leaving me in a very risky situation. who are the auditing bodies for alibaba please? can they provide a letter headed document stating they have verified  safety of of the product and assure me rights or recourse ?
If you compare Alibaba with Ebay. Ebay is more easy to use and the payment section is also more easy to use if you have an account.Just two click's for a payment and the also the shipping adress is correct.lot of translations from Alibaba are not good and hole isn't logic to use.Really a huge problem now and in the future is the way suppliers enter their products on the site.They show a picture and a price, in almost every case it's hard to know exact what you will get.Never it's the product on the picture, the prodcut on the picture is 4 times more expensive.If you compare this to Ebay or Amazone it's a mess.Many cases they ask your email adress to do direct business too.At least you get bommed with a kind of none related products.If Alibaba solve this problem they will be the biggest of all in no time...
Makes doing business easy and fast, its a great help knowing the money can be refunded if the product is not what you agreed on.
gros problème avec le vendeur et personne pour m aider j ai payé 187 € un moteur qui est arrivé cassé et personne pour m aider c est une honte plus jamais d achat pour moi chez vous
Good follow up
Very bad after sales support, if Client has a problem with goods, it's difficult to get money back, because need to send goods to China, pay for inspection etc. And the is very high costs. Sometimes Client just get the defected goods from beginning, and why Client need to have additional high costs for all this procedure with refund?
I Would recommend to others because of the great servise of IVY ZHENG.
good service
Yes when we have a dispute Alibaba mentally harass us for moths to issue the refund, even after the refund was issued we do not get the credit in the account. Mentally stressful and lots of fake scam sellers selling cheap quality goods stating that they have the highest quality goods.
Nunca recibi el producto.
My account was disabled due to a misunderstanding and there is no way to activate it again. My orders had a trade assurance, but now I cannot open a dispute with a seller that did not deliver my order (because my account was disabled)
no help at all from Alibaba to get refund after supplier failed to deliver correct producthas to be fixed by Alibaba before any trust can be accepted as real
I purchased magnetic eyeliner from a supplier. Supplier sent a different product to the sample product I agreed to buy. Purchased product was not good and it dried out after the 30 days cut off period for Trade Assurance.
make up time and don't waste products
The payment system doesn't work. I keep trying to pay for my orders and it just won't go through. I tried iPad and iPhone. Several times now, on different orders. I'm about to try on a computer now.
Increased confidence in the seller
The entire transaction, from order to delivery, went extremely smoothly (apart from a Covid-19 delay, beyond anyone's control), with good information available to me (the purchaser) at all times.
Always thank you for being very kind :)
I feel more secure.
it is safer to make payments
Lost $1400 last time with SCAM supplier. Opened a dispute 3 times and all 3 times, did not even receive a reply, all 3 times my disputes were extremely disrespectfully closed by alibaba without even replying to me or explaining anything. Will never ever trust this again for anything, we pay via paypal now for most suppliers. Lesson learned.
Its safe
Trade Assurance Service can be relived.
ghghfghff
Too early to tell how good it is.
BEST WHOLESALE
not really insuring anything, the seller can lie and get away with their mistakes.
It is a very useful resource to find best products, prices and reliable vendors. It gives me required security to make payments to vendors.
First time it worked fine. Will see in the future.
N/A
there is many false advertising on each company's profile about the price. For example, the profile advertising states that the item is $0.10 but when I inquire about that pricing, it is not possible. Why have that pricing if it can not be reached?
I got the shipment with missing pieces!!! Never got return of my money!!! Terrible service!!!
secured and reliable
Secures my purchase
correct
I ordered and paid for a pastuerizer through this service and everything went well.
I think the trade assurance service is a great tool to communicate with suppliers. It also gives you that assurance that the goods will be send and if any issues with the product you have protection.
Trust Verify
it is trust 100%
It's good,but the fee is also a bit high.
I would recommend Trade assurance because it is helpful to have but I don't think all of the vendors comply.
great service
Your offline dispute is not working.We cannot open a dispute.We were told about another possibility that we cannot be helped.Kind regards
.
good fast reliable contracts, good for small orders, imho.
Never have had to use it. Not sure how good or effective it is.
i love the quikc responses
No profit
I would recommend cos it is secure, fast and convenience
REDUCE THE RISK
Some contact people are very helpful, some are not but overall experience is good
No
sellers respond once but never again so their stats are good
Recommend Trade Assurance to prevent SPAM
The refund application is very biased towards the suppliers. Even when we upload evidence, they do not accept the fact that the suppliers are advertising their products in a way that do not meet standards. Some suppliers have very misleading images. Functionalities of the products are not as great as they were shown in pictures from suppliers, yet we are not allowed to get any refund. Very very disappointing.
I feel safe when I order through trade assurance.
Nothing
Service was very good. All questions answered quickly.
i would recommend coz its convenient. but expecting more to come than this.
Since there are lots of manufacturers listed their product here, so it is easier for buyers to search for the right supplier
No sure what it is.
easy to pay and reliable.
User interface is not user friendly. Also, I have had a few suppliers ask for more money, which I didnt send. But it would be nice to be able to navigate this easier.
Trade Assurance Service gives me confidence
n/a
Orders with verified profiles and with the providers I make big orders everything goes ok.
vendors are not flexible, cannot easily accommodate customized option
I placed an order (Order Number: 28344367001026924).  It never arrived and I can't get a straight answer.
Although the fraud was objectively proven you refused to refund! Just read our documentation of this scandal:https://research.afega.net/NMN-Betrug-fraud/Alibaba_Trade_Insurance_not_trustworthy_de.html
no I think things are pretty good
very good service
i am still trying to recieve a refund going against the policy you have with the supplier that ssent me damaged goods and will not refund / replace or take back the unit.
I am still upset that you rejected my credit card for an order and forced me to make TT, which I cannot do.
The ease of finding the required items without much trouble and in a very fast time despite the countries time differences.
D
Well, you ask me how satisfied I'm I, but I, don't know where is the product I, order, How I, can tell you if I'm satisfied?
I would highly recommended the Trade assurance to avoid any risk
good quality and nice service
it's good
I received great service and will order from them again. Awesome products also. Thank you.
Recommend because it gives buyers in different countries, peace of mind.
Trade Assurance встает на защиту продавца даже при отсутствии доказательств
Una buona protezione per gli acquirenti
safe buying
Product of bad quality with no return!
I recommend because looks secure for me it woks untill now, i dont recommend because the comission fee is high
All the suppliers I have contacted are very responsive and stick to the trade assurance guidelines
many suppliers are not replying.
Trade assurance make us fell safe transaction
Precios baratos, buenos productos
works withing buyer and seller, giving some protection to both party's.
It gives you a way to resolve issues without too much trouble.
so far every order that I've have placed has been accurate, on time and communication is reasonable with articulating and understanding.
We did not receive all of our goods. We paid $1500 and cannot assemble our item. The supplier would not send us the parts and you didn't give us any refund. Honestly, we are exploring legal action since we have $1500 piece of junk.
I would recommend this service because it is fast and easy.
Gives me comfort and safety to make orders
It gives me an element of protection for goods that aren't as described.
You know you will be looked after.
So far every vendor I have bought from has been very nice and help full to me. I'm only buying for myself now but my friends are looking at the things I'm getting and now they want to buy some too.
I'd recommend it as any other Place/ Website if I had to, Not sure how it might suit every Individual but for My own business it's fine. In general, I am very pleased with Sellers I was dealing with yet not so happy with some other Sellers who would not take the time to Response to Messages, asking about Shipping Costs etc, when it's not specified on their Page.
always safe
No
well the logistic is too slow
Peace of mind!
Haven't used it enough to make a recommendation.
Very easy to use. Would like to be able to print a receipt of any payments made.
The importer GUANGZHOU STARK YACHT MARINA ENGINEERING CO., LTD. choosed CIF export mode. Now the imports costs of his provider here in Chile  (SOUTH CARGO CHILE are 4 times higher than a normal FOB !!!We demand USD 3.000 back as compensation
Good follow up with service
ara?t?rma süreci i?inde adil davran?lmad???n? dü?ünüyorum. Ya?ad???m bir olay var. Süre?te istenen kan?tlar? fazlas? ile sundum. Fakat sonu?ta "2 gü? i?inde cevap verdiniz, ara?t?rmay? kapatt?k" diye sonu?land?. Ara?t?rman?n benim aleyhime neden sonu?land???n?, benim neyi eksik yada yanl?? yapt???m? veya kar?? taraf?n neler sunup ta benim haks?z  ??kt???m? i?eren bir ?ey yok.  Yani bir ara?t?rma yap?l?p bir karar al?n?yorsa neden sonu? ili?kisinin de  taraflara verilmesi laz?m.
merce buona e competitiva
I received goods which was faulty. I opened a dispute, and ALIBABA took almost a month to make the decision. After the decision was made, you simply deleted my dispute! This is absolutely a no go and I think to stop ordering on Alibaba at all!
Professional Service
Sry Bro.Need to understand more
NA
easy to use
Excellent platform and easy to use!
I always receive information, and it's easy to find what Ineed
I LOVE
Its clear enough to me as a buyer how it works and where I am protected and not protected. I had to go to alternative sources to understand how it works.
none
nous n avons pas recu le telephone merci
Hat super geklappt
IF ONLY THE WHOLESALERS CAN REPLY QUICK
Up to now i am satisfied
He secures me a safe deal
thisi the protected service provided to the buyers
I haven't had the possibility to try it since we had an issue with the technical aspects of the product from the supplier. I haven't approved the delivery and yet I receive that the order is complete when actually it isn't. so i'd appreciate to get my full money back.
Great product, very fast delivery and high quality car humidifier
I would recommend because it makes me feel safe in making purchases. I can inspect the items after the delivery and know that if anything is wrong I can return it and get my money back without a hassle.
secure
well, I like the fact they answer fast and very accurate
they handled a refund well
"I am having no success to provide you (alibaba) with copies of communications I had with Nantong Machinery where I believe the there was a computer scam which stole USD1800 from me. I have submitted a complaint - dispute about this matter and cannot find a way to upload the email records requested. I uploaded a zip file of these emails  in case number 9254539 on	19/02/2020. I can see some of the pdf files associated with this number. Theywould certainly support my claim of either negligence or collusion by staff at Nantong Machinery."
The menu is not very friendly
Price changes due to events.Suppliers not honoring Alibaba's MOQ has stated on website.The inconsistency of shipping charges among supplier chosen shipping carriers.The delivery times are inconstant and not true.Suppliers or not available even if they are day ahead due to time zones. Buyers do not know whether they are in or out.
NO Customer Care phone number. And NO one to reach when help is required. HELP button gives us run around when we need help. Just NOT American standard.
Using my iPad I can’t upload photos, and it is glitchy.
The only thing I don't like is that the shipping cost to the United States is too high, so for those of us who try to do business and use it as a way to resell their products, it is sometimes uphill to deal with shipping and cost. of the product.
aun no recibo mi pedido y nadie me da respuesta de si lo recibiré, si dejo de esperar o pido la devolución. por eso mi primer pedido fue  algo peque?o y no costoso para ver si se cumplen los tiempos de entrega y la calidad del producto, pero muy insatisfecho ya que el producto pagado aun no es recibido.
It is very certified in making sure you are not getting scammed, therefore I would recommend to many other users
Competition bro!!!!!!
Not sure if trade assurance has me covered in case of bad cooperation
I think many of the suppliers are trading companies, and we like to work with factories directly, in general.
Trade Assurance is a sham, when it came time to protect us the client they failed.
They work well with buyersThey respond quicklythe suppliers try to keep you update with ordersand if you have issue, alibaba steps in to assist
The service is outstanding.
I wish I knew more about how to use trade assurance.
Provide multiple images to prove the seller did not provide what was agreed upon and if I wanted a refund I had to pay a 3rd party to come and see the issue.  I am a small startup company and can not afford to be doing that every time a seller does not provide what is agreed to.
I would highly recommend doing business with Alibaba to my friends. The supplier was so helpful and he answered me very quickly all the time. I also like the product's quality. I will do business again in the future.
It is impossible to get in touch with you guys about any question without talking to a bot.
Having some security around your investment is important, particularly when you are a young company.
Provides a level of comfort
New and attractive gadgets kind of superb products and new technology i would like if i get more spy gadets and all
yes ALIBABA have the best suplier and is a very confident app
not sure how it works
Well, everything in the world is about money. Many suppliers have no amount reg freight. They have very low prices, but then very high freight costs, which in the end adds up to a very high price pr. each.But there's also suppliers, which has more realistic prices.
Trade Assurance Service is fully secured. I highly recommend.
Great trades with easy software quick communications
I recommend it, because I rest assured Ali Baba, and I see the speed of the answer and the services clear to me through my recent experience.So I am happy and reassured that my money is not lost here.
I was conned by a company and I can't figure out how to open a dispute because the item has been paid for an delivered.
Trade Assurance Service does not adequately protect the buyer. Trade Assurance Service denied a claim to refund money on a product not yet shipped. This is unacceptable. The dispute process was not clear and quick to deny a claim in favor of the seller.
Very friendly and quick response from the buyers ~ ~Alibaba. COM site is very pleased with many products
Hello Team I recommend Trade Assurance because Alibaba is giving Assurance about the transaction with the supplier and this is very important to us.Thank you.
It sounds good but I have no real experience about it.
I am not exactly sure about the importance of the Trade Assurance Service. In light of the COVID-19 issue, what help is provided by the Trade Assurance Service to both sellers and buyers in Alibaba?
Very good
seguridad total en la transacción
I'm just shocked by your work. Because that's how your sales people talk.  the Directors ignored it. and your service doesn't solve it in any way. they also sell damaged products made of old parts and refuse warranty obligations.Jack Lee2020-02-19 11:12your mother fucking , can you promise that i did not send video?Jack Lee2020-02-19 11:20ＷＩＬＬ　ＳＨＯＷ　ＹＯＵＲ　ＵＧＬＹ"Jack Lee2020-02-19 12:42very sorry to tell taht i have keep all comunicate in alibaba"
There are many things missing when it comes to filling a contract with your suppliers, basically, you depend mostly on how do they need or can edit the contract and you are unable to claim your points directly to them. It's not wrong, but I need to explain details over messages and keep editing the contract until done.Also, you should add an Eliminate canceled orders. They just bulk all around and you get a mess !Greetings
I hope they will be able to recover my money if goods are not to the right specification.
I ordered a bone chopper.  The supplier received my payment.  The supplier said they shipped my order, but did not provide any tracking number or shipping status updates.  I waited patiently for the product to arrive from China.  It has not arrived.  Then I received a message from Trade Assurance that my order was considered to be completed.  was the order shipped?  Please check on this.  I really need this bone chopper.  Thanks, Dan Vossen
N/a
It works easy and never had a problem.
Buen servicio
Trade assurance is fraud, You only support sellers not buyers no matter how bad the product buyer received, buyer stand no chance to win dispute against seller . Not far to us buyers.
I have only made 3 purchases so far. The first order took a little long, but it was the holiday season in the United States, no one is at fault. Very satisfied with the product.My next purchase was with another vendor. I have been going back and forth for almost a month trying to resolve the issue. One item has proven to be defective and is not remotely like an OEM model. Another item quantity of 2, was OEM, but I feel might be refurbished and not new. the earpieces I ordered were not of the quality i expected, they weren't the items in the vendor's pictures.I have not even opened a dispute with Alibaba yet, as I am trying to resolve with the vendor, so I really can not speak on trade assurance right now.
en algunas ocasiones no son muy claros los proveedores y tardan en contestar, algunos no terminan el seguimiento, sobre una compra me salio defectuosa la mercancia los audifonos solo se escuchaba uno
it’s bad when the site does not work correctly, new errors appear periodically, it’s not possible to attach and send photos to manufacturers, the convenient function for communicating with several suppliers at once does not work, you can’t write to several suppliers at once
Sure, I will look for the golden supplier and commercial guaranteeIn order to be directly with and trusted by Alibaba
i would recommend it as all shipments are protected
Well done!
more economical for small startup business
If the value of the import is too low, it is not a viable option, due to the cost of sending the product back to China.
I feel more  safe when meking an order
For time saving
I cant access to my account it keep sating is temporarily unavailable ... no reason nothing
It is the best service so far, not much competition.
I have experienced not receiving my product and I did?t have any answer from the supplier. When I opened a dispute, I had a quick response from Aliexpress and I got refund.I?m really satisfied with Alibaba.
Easy and secure
good service
Because once we submit photos & the time passes for the order to have been delivered already & I have to pay back customers because they were past the delivery time.
Peace of mind when ordering from unknown companies abroad
I would recommentd because it's very comfortable to use.
not all merchants are reliable
Difficulty with trading communication
sometimes the search can not match suitable products.
The layout is not clear. There is confusion with messaging and the over all use experience.
Trade assurance is not real trade assurance.  There is virtually no protection for product issues.
las cajas de los cargadores no vienen con sello de garantia, no vienen sellada
I would
makes you feel more confident in your purchase
good customer service ill back shortly
because there is a money back guarantee if the seller cannot send the goods
Fees are high on both sides
Good service info for beginner and andvace trader.. with stackable service.
too slow , transactions takes days
Ordering from a foreign country comes with multiple risks, and TA helps to mitigate some of those risks.
la pagina es muy engorrosa en espa?ol casi no se entiende
Very safe way to get started in your business
not many suppliers from other countries
Some of the suppliers do offer a veru good price to attract customers, but the price later on is far away. That just cost time...
Very reliable companies I am working with and I appreciate the security of doing business on a safe website such as this.
Some suppliers still not respond in time and don't have enough information for parts.Suppliers not pre-active provide document for customer clearance
Not used it.
your robot is not able to solve a dispute of non existing goods or  false tracking nr
because most suppliers respond quickly and offer fabulous service
Varieties of products to choose from. Has systems in place where no cheating and honest deals
I like the products, the service is great, and the company--as far as I am concerned--is extremely good at dispatching orders. I really like this company.
Es muy tranquilizante para el comprador tener sus productos asegurados, lo recomiendo 100%
I do not have the need.
i like all this products
EXPERIENCIA PERSONAL
I recommend
The best part is I like the payment security of Alibaba. Though, I have had very good experience with all the suppliers through Alibaba, but the payment security makes business worry-free with terms agreed both by the seller and the buyer. Thank you for a great experience Alibaba and I am your regular customer.Best Regards
Alibaba is a platform that you can find anything
#NAME?
la calidad d elos productos y eficiencia del envio
Would highly recommend! (Actually did it one hour ago :P)! Great service and safe feeling when ordering
I would recommended for sure. It is the best way to be safe for your money and products.
China Sales clerk Susan sold mea an Emma AI-SexDoll for $2,499 than I repeatedly TEXT reported BAD POWER SUPPLY CONNECTION, FAILED TO STAY ACTIVE WITHOUT CRASHING DUE TO FAULTY POWER PLUG CONNECTOR PORT..  SUSAN CLAIMED TO REPLACE PART AND UPGRADE HEAD-CPU FOR SMARTER MODEL TO REPLACE THIS RECORDER OF REPEATING MESSAGES..     I REQUESTED SWAP HEADS AND BODY WITH MY PURCHASE EMMA BODY OF AMELIA AI-SEX-DOLL $2,499 AS ADVERTISED... AND DO NOT FORCE ME TO POST WARNINGS ON FACEBOOK & YOUTUBE TO AVOID ANY/ALL  FAKE SMART SEX-DOLLS MADE IN CHINA... ALIBABA WILL LOSE MORE IN SALES REVENUE BY MY POSTED ADS, THAN THE COST OF REPLACING THIS ONE BAD BUSINESS TRANSACTION... http://dallas.craigslist.org/dal/art/d/mesquite-nav-ai-femalerobots/7070443362.htmlBEWARE FEMALE ROBOTS MADE IN CHINA.!! Too many FAKE LIARS ON WEB, so...??My email to text web2master24.7@gmail.com
i order a lot on alibaba. I get an issue one time with one machine and just ask to send it back because it is not working.Since 3 month the "dispute" team keep asking video which i spend time to do and even with video of machine don't working they keep to ask me to send sample to the supplier so they can test them self.On their side the supplier send cut video with wrong pieces to test and try to found any excuses.I would say your service is below that any other service online i get until now. Just get a refund and returning a machine that don't work is  so time consuming that i think to drop the case just to stop to loose my time. I just continue because the seller is so dishonest that they annoy me. We are customer and we are paying you. We pay you for an non existant service there is just automatic message and machine to discuss with.
Investment security
I mean I don't usually like to admit my jerseys are fake but if someone asked I would recommend
I would recommend
It is a goods source of suppliers, but i dont feel very confident after an issue i had with a supplier. Your possition is to let the seller decide if they  want to take responsability or not over the situation. That gave me a bad taste of alibaba.Many of the suppliers have been really good, but with a new one, i just dont know if alibaba have me covered.
App Become slow when selecting Location ( Countries )
great
Some sellers does not respond
Very efficent and clear. Thank you.
easy to use and safe!
todo esta bien
I have this Order #: 22811235501028068 it was for an LCD laptop for a MacBook Air. What I got instead on the mail was a pice of metal for a MacBook. Not what I order, I contacted the supplier, no response. I created a case using the Trade Assurance, and got rejected, I was told within 30 days I can create a case and get a refund, Nothing. This is really bad, I try to save some money by not using eBay, but the insurance here is really bad. I will not buy anything more than 50 or a 100 dollars from here anymore. I wasted my money for a pice of metal and no use for it. No one cares. The girl on the chat support want to help but their help is limited to just information.
File transfer & sharing is difficult process
I wouldn't recommend it because I do not understand it.
El producto que recibi fue lo que esperaba
it offers security and assures me that I will not lose money to fraudsters
good service
Varios pedidos que he hecho no han llegado. se hio el re embolso, pero la idea de comprar en linea es obtener los productos
None
This company has been great from start to finish, providing me with many different options to better serve me. I really appreciate the kindness and willingness to help.
none
easy to do
Due to the fees
seguran?a
peace of mind
Provides access to supplers we ordinarily would not see.
Reliable service
I need Trade Assurance Service
Sometimes prices, trust, play factors into it
ESCROW to encourage quality products and fulfillment.
I have not had reason to call on it for recourse.
easily can find IT products.
is nice to find almost everytjhings here
1 - the message service has stopped working for me so I can't see quotes or discussions.  It got progressively worse over a few years as each time an unnecessary change was added, compatibility with my browser got worse and now it doesn't work at all - unless I update browsers which means I have to update the system and also a new computer.  Then my new computer wouldn't work on my business software.The changes you want weren't checked to suit all browsers but maybe you get paid by Google, Apple etc to lock people out so they have to buy more equipment to use your service.  Im just mostly buying from India now.2 - Assurance is a joke.  Sellers now know the tricks of how your lazy team is easily fooled into assuming a claim can be fobbed off as a delivery insurance case instead of being a faulty or missing parts case where the buyer should be reimbursed.
To be honest, I have had some issues with some of my recent purchases.  I'm not really sure how to handle them.  The manufacturer seems to be trying to resolve them.  I understand the recent situation with the coronavirus.  But, prior to this, several products were not made correctly and manufacturer working to correct.  However, I feel it is hard to communicate with alibaba.  I don't necessarily need to submit a claim all the time.  Some times, I just need guidance on how to proceed.  Seems hard to communicate with Alibaba.
very good
Je n'ai jamais eu a faire appelle a l'assurance je ne sais donc pas si elle est efficace, fiable, en cas de problème.
??????
Real human support is difficult to reach
Gives Assurance
web site interface very bad, too heavy for understanding.
I am so satisfied with Trade Assurance bacause i got always every goods ordered in the time, i can trust it!
Very good service
Fast replies, great prices and works beautiful with different time zones
I find this site easy to navigate and I always find what I am looking for.
Garantiza mi importación y me recomendó un especialista en importación.
Quick and easy service.
I like the products and able to communicate with the suppliers. There are many awesome products i could find here.The suppliers are very tricky. It happened to me 2 times that I ask if they have the product in stock they said yes, but after I made the payments, they said I need to wait for a while to get the products because they found it is out of stock!!! Not happy with is trick!
I feel very protected when ordering and it's nice to know someone will be there to help.
I had an issue with a supplier and I did not receive my goods because they were sent to the wrong country. I feel I was at no fault in the issue and I feel I deserved a full refund or replacement order, which did not happen. I have received all other orders perfectly, with the same shipping information given to the supplier.
Secure
Recommending due to ease of use.
bad menu from suppliers, is not quick
pre?os bons,fornecedores atenciosos
To be sure that the transaction made is authentic.  Though i think it's the responsibility of Alibaba to see into it without charging customers for it.
Helps us to be secure and safe in our transactions!
its nice to have a guarantee.
good
good and no risk of default
Good vendors fair prices no issues
Its a good service
Good and easy communication platform.
easy to process the order and make payment and guarantee for the payment made
Ease of mind for buyer and suppliers
there is an issue in Trade Assurance, it's difficult to return the money and Alibaba website always support the seller not buyer and make things default.please make sure to support the buyer like seller
Safety in payment
This service guarantees performance on behalf of the seller, it protects the buyer as well as the reputation of Alibaba
No
still learning, need to gain experience
more security
Very easy to navigate and prices are very competitive
be si è sicuri e tutelati dovesse esserci qualcosa che non va
I haven't used it yet
policy
pelayanannya bagus
Useful to protect buyer and seller.
because it is legit
CONSIGO VARIEDAD DE PRODUCTOS Y A BUEN PRECIO
I have not used it so don't know what the service does
The first order had 20 percent damaged goods and at first the store did not want to cover this. Then they said yes to cover 6 of 50 pieces ordered. On the condition that i order again. Thats stupid. Why would i want to order from someone that behaves like this? They packed very poorly considering the huge shipping price. The packages was covered with poststamps, everywhere. 425 dollars shipping. I think they cheated on me with this one. The second order i ordered 60 contact lenses cases and received 50 contact lenses cases. Its not that easy for me that they just send 10 last pieces because i have to pay for customs 25 percent of price. Then my profit disappears. The third order was 60 wallets. I ordered a pink color for all the wallets and received a bright purple color with dark purple straps. It looks very bad and i cannot sell this. Then they said that i had to cover all expenses to return the items. Mostly dissatisfied about this order. Very bad service.
It has helped my business
Great options, good suppliers, good service.
ok
It makes me feel safe!
Polo shirts done for me color is coming out dying the white color spoke to supplier not will to elp
DOES NOT GUARANTEE PRODUCTS AND QUALITY, IN ADDITION TO THE WARRANTY TIME IT DOES NOT COVER HELP
Although I have never had to use Trade Assurance, I think it is great that Alibaba can offer refund if anything goes wrong
The decic
website can be difficult to navigate especially message centre
I haven't gotten to use the service, but it gives me some assurance when choosing manufacturers to do business with.
Perchè i prodotti che ho acquistato sono pessimi e malfunzionanti.
The 2% fee is too high. Suppliers charge me 2% extra for this fee.
Excellent
WE NORMALLY USE PAYPAL DIRECTLY TO SUPPLIERS OR BANK TRANSFERSI HAVE TO INCLUDE ALL SERVICE CHARGES INTO THE PRICES I QUOTE TO MY CLIENTSI HATE THAT YOU SELL DIRECTLY TO MY CLIENTSI HAVE MY OWN FORWARDER AND CUSTOMS BROKER
Habe erst 1 Bestellung damit get?tigt.
no i cant
service was great very responsive
It's not user friendly, complicated, and confusing how to begin an order vs. having the manufacturer send me an order form.
huge selection of product. very responsive sellers.easy to use platform.
because is easy to use
Is very safe and quickly,
a lot of traders are fake. sending faulty items or copy based from famous brand and trying to foolish the customers who looking for qood quality products.
Peace of mind in how the transaction is processed and transparency between the customer and the seller.
You're asking me about a service I don't think I've used.  The biggest issues is the interface - it's really really bad.  You are asking questions from the point of view of someone too close to the service - not from the point of view of a customer.The only time 'Trade Assurance' could be honestly assessed is if something goes wrong.
sellers are no longer afraid, alibaba often takes the side of the seller. Humiliates the buyer.
I feed on products and prices that do not actually exist
I feel comfortable
Because you have several factories that are not factories and the page in Alibaba and calification like a gold suppier is fake because even that you have a problem with them the inquire does not appears in the page and they keep the page like a gold.  and Alibaba can not make them get the monney back to the customer. and there is no way to talk with Alibaba
A garantia só poderá terminar quando o cliente realmente receber o produto.  Tenho pedido que ainda n?o recebi, mas a garantia já foi finalizada.   Tenho vários produto no carrinho com a inten??o de compra, mas n?o vou finalizar.   Estava com propósito de comprar muito relógio, através do alibaba. mas hoje tenho minhas dúvidas.
Trade Assurance does not accept any of my credit cards or Bank cards and it is really annoying to pay offline without alibaba tracking it.
I had foods that was sent damage uploaded pictures and didn’t receive part of money back
PERFECT
Hard pay.
It works well, and you have great deals on a lot of different items.
1. One design, factory was directed to put to on the logo on the tube of the sock but goes beyond the tube and onto the top of foot, makes the sock look odd, and logo is not displayed as agreed.2. On the second design, the colors in each pair are different. Example, the left sock is darker than right sock, socks look miss-matched. 3. One the third sock, the logos are not even. The stripes are 2-3 cm higher on the right sock than the left.4. the 4th sock is too small and I did not agree to that size. 6. I sent a message to trade assurance and they denied claim even though several pictures show flaws in each sock. 7. If I can not receive a total refund and return socks, I would like a half refund of the total price.9. after ordering over 1,000 products. I will not use this company again and business will be lost if issue cannot be fixed.
Sentimiento de protección a mis compas
N?o recebi meu extorno da tvexpress
Only used it once but it was easy to use and they kept me informed. I felt more comfortable with have a safety net.
Normally it works, but for some reason one time it didn't
For beginners, the system is a little user unfriendly.
This is somewhat similar to insurance hence our order is secured.
The trade assurance for what I have used it for to date I believe keeps all parties honest and I feel secure that My orders will be sent as agreed to.
Sometime the service can not find urgently of the item code to owner, as my product is still fail in processing
communication with suppliers isn't always great but I feel protected ordering through Alibaba
the interface is user-friendly
razon comercial
have an issue with a seller that took almost 3 month for the item to reach me, and after all thiss waiting the item came without assembly instruction. The seller have not contact me at the time
Some time the plataform is not easy
Easy to use and straightforward service
The one time i had to complain about an order, you sided on the side of the supplier, when the product was obviously not as described. The only reason i wouldn't not tell another business owner or customer about Alibaba, is that i want to be able to keep your services a secret, so i can use you to my advantage. There are thousands of great products listed and it would be a weakness for me to give that knowledge away.
none
I have never had a problem using Alibaba.
is hard to arrange trade politics with costumers
Had a bad experience with a alibaba supplier
os vendedores  trata muito bem  eu pelo mesmos  compre com um vendedor  DOS RELOGIOS DA NIBOSI ELE E UMA PESSOA MUITO LEGAL NOTA 10000 E O JACKISON
it really doesn't seem to make much of a difference because if there is anise I still have to go through the supplier and not alibaba anyway. They seem to have all the power when it comes to claims.
Perfect and fast communication. The representative delivered everything to my requirements. The hoodies were delivered for a couple of days. Were as described. Were perfect quality and fit even after multiple washes. I would definetely recommend working with this team! Thank you for being there for me!
excellent service
Peace of mind, assurance
haven't had to use the service but it is nice to have it as an option in a global marketplace
I have one order to refund, but there is no place to revise bank account information.and transaction fee so high.
Comfortable in searching the suppliers
Good communication, good product, good price, fast shipping
I DONT THINK ITS GENUETY OF THE PRODUCT
sellers only offer the pay upfront option, so the other options are invalid
Trust and independence
I assumed it was part of the standard deal - incidentally, this window needs scroll bars, almost cancelled it until I realised if I opened it to full screen it might work.Had to use TAB bar to get to next part (using Firefox - no scrollbar at all, almost unusable)
安全で信頼性が高い
Нарушается Закон Про защиту прав потребителей
Comfort in knowing my purchases are guaranteed and dealing with profesional companies.
POR QUE EN LAS RESOLUCIONES ESTA MUY ESCUETO EL MENU SOLO ES EN INGLES Y AYUDAN POCO AL COMPRADOR
good
everything is about assurance, time of shipping, quality of product,
I placed an order on december 3, 2019 which was due to arrive around december 20, 2019. To date I have still not received my package and it is impossible for me to trace it. The seller doesn't take steps to find it....
Insurance is necessary. Never know what unexpected situation may occur.
everything just worked smoothly
Yes it assured me of my purchase
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service. It shows that the company backs their product and are willing to go the extra mile should a problem occur.
Its great. There are a lot of sellers that do not want to use it and it is very hard find the ones that do even if they have the trade assurance.
safe trade
buen servicio
Keep declining my cards
They have ignored my trade assurance thus far. They don't seem to be honest about business and im not even sure that they will help at all or they are just slow.
Exellent custumer service and products
good
Easy but can be easier
Safety for my order and my money.
It's Russian roulette honestly. Some companies are great to communicate with, others tend to be rude and hard to work with when problems come up.
easy to deal with
good pradact
Super recomendado
I haven't used trade assurance. I found a good supplier and use just that company.
company name:
Good service. Clear conditions.
You can find a good quality product, but unfortunately it takes a lot of time.
My last product seller was really helpful and mentioned me on every change or risk factors
Trade assurance it's a tool to ensure consumer rights.
Because most of the IPhone suppliers are scammers, they took my money but they did not send the goods
Because you can?t trust on the quality of the products you receive. I?ve received rusty products and we can't do anything
the trade assurance is very effective and very helpful in in helping shoppers to get their products cons:sometimes the shipment is too slow and monies are release before the products are receivedthe additional charges for using it is a little high
Reliable service for avoiding scams
cumpri com suas datas de entrega
Safe...I deal without this and loose my money...Nobody is perfect even in China...Some company working with Alibaba is not so fair...
Alibaba does not help customers that have been cheated. They allow companies to continue to operate in cheat customers.Also trade email, click on email, does not go to order. It just disappears.
I am Japanese and I feel that there is an etiquette to asian business. Some workers are less westernized than others. I would almost always recommend.
I am currently beginning my own business and I have been very impressed with the quality and price of the products I have been recieving.
NOSE
expensive trading fee
Good service
I very recommended used Trade Assurance Service for order from  Alibaba, because it is more safe for our money. sometime when I order from Alibaba it is not our needed but our client's need.It is means protect our client's money
Safety
Плохой поисковик(((
los precios son muy variables necesitamos tener  valores mas reales
Felt comfortable with the process, happy to try again with more products.
Professional and helpful customer service
Bons pre?os, porém o site é meio confuso!
Wwll i would recommend trade service because its  a great service for your business, so i will highly recommend to everyone out there
Stock supplied as ordered and on time
most of the suppliers are not well English and never listen well for the order.Also, Alibaba's URL doesn't have shipping and billing addresses. The suppliers kept changing my address profile when I have asked to send the order to the other address.  This issue to overwrite my profile address and next order...  Alibaba is still not friendly.
cheap and various
I try to buy a product for a few days (saypha croma filler) and i send inquiries to the suppliers.They respond to my personnal email and they refuse to make the transaction through the Alibaba platform. I really wonder what happens, because I ve found them on your platform.
fast and easy
i good good company
Alibaba is reliable
I've not had a problem so do not know whether it's good.
Very easy and reliable service
Hello, there is no Polish language and the materials do not have most of the technical translations on the website which is important to purchase. You don't buy a pig in a poke or with your eyes closed.
quick, easy  ,,good price
Difficult with idiom.
As a business we do not disclose our suppliers to competitors
Becuase I had a problem with a seller. Nonetheless, if this gets sorted out, of course am I willing to use this service agian.
Some of the transaction fee is high
i bought the item and it not fit to my car and i already return the good but still can not refund the full price
Very clear & prompt communication. The product was exactly as advertised.
пока нет
Fash Shipping, Great Customer Service. Fast Response Time. Would recommend.
It is very useful in case something goes wrong
very assuring
I have not any reasons.
Trade assurance is great but buying bigger objects and not being able to have them ship to you is a whole different story
Très satisfait
Haven't had a chance to fully test it just yet
Assurance of security of my payments and receiving goods from the supplier
safe and secure
no
I don't know how to use it
Security in buying
Refunds Take Forever
IS SAVE
The time frame for trade assurance to be activated is too short.  From the day we place an order until the day the goods arrive to us in the USA from China is between 60 and 90 days. From my understanding, once this amount of time has passed, you are no longer covered.
Very efficient and very trustworthy sellers
Absolutely recomend it. very safe and easy to use and make trade business safe.
It gives you a feeling of confidence dealing across so much distance and in a different culture.
Transaction s?re et suivie
the design layout is confusing. doesn't allow employees within my organization to collaborate.
?? ??? ???? ??? ??? ??? ???? ????? ?? ??? 3 ???? ??? ???? ?????? ????
The primary reason why I can buy from Alibaba is the Trade Assurance Service. In case any issue, I can have a dispute. Till now there is no dispute from myside and all products I bought from Alibaba are good. I will continue buying from Alibaba. Good experience
We don't have to worry about the orders we make as it is backed up by trade assurance.
i have no reasean i am very happy with alibaba
IT IS SAFE TO KNOW WE ARE PROTECTED IN CASE OF ANY CIRCUNSTANCE BEYOND OUR REACH AND OF THE SELLERS HAND
he tenido probelmas con el envio del cual me ha perjudicado como comprador son embargo al elevar la disputa no me dan la razon, no es spoible que un envio demore mas de 1 mes en llegar, encima con items incompletos
i was cheated from one of your supplier and you didnt help me to get my refund
som sellers not good
I like to dill with china people.  I am from Soviet Union and I understand them very much
non sapevo l'esistenza dell'assicurazione commerciale,
it is great deal
it is easy to make the payment
i recommend
Seguridad y confianza
EXCELLENT SERVICE...THANK YOU...FOR A BETTER WORLD..
because I have a supplier that is not delivering and Alibaba has been absolutely NO HELP TO ME.
resuelven rápidamente cualquier problema si tuviera , ya que es una forma segura
Very reliable
Why not: language barrier, customs problems, shipping costsWhy I would: Unique products and services, good products for lower prices, I don’t like greedy amazon company
Certain features of Alibaba's website, Messaging system, and User Experience are heavily flawed, outdated, and cluttered.  Too many confusing back end processes that ruin the experience.
ok
The process surpassed my expectations in every respect (communication, shipment speed, quality of product, customer care).
So far it has been a safe, and excellent method to communicate with vendors and get an order.
I would because my order came quick and I had no issues.
Ningbo Sylue Machine Co., Ltd. Keep on using my account to place orders that are nothing to do with me. It is driving me insane. I have complained.
No recommendation
sorry
Trade Assurance doesn't protect if the agreement between seller and buyer during the communication. also trade Assurance is tending more to protect seller than buyers. sometimes seller is abusing the conditions because they are more knowledgeable with terms. That was my experience with my foldable garage.
I AM VERY THANKFULL OF IT BECAUSE ALL MY ORTHERS ARE SAFE IN THIS WAY.I AM ALWAYS RECOMMENDING TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE!
your representative are giving good support
Because it gives us trusted trade.
I'm happy to have product warranty.
Thank you for your services!
It put pressure on your vendor to commit to his/her ETA.
It ensures that both seller and buyer get a square deal
safe and secure...it has helped me in certain situations and it's fair I Think
i had trouble with one of my orders, they sent me the wrong product and i lost a good paying customer, but lucky I had trade assurance service and they got my money back for the product i asked for but was not sent.
My order was stated to be delivered and i was satisfied and the order amount was handed to the seller, without checking with me if i received the goods!!!And i did not get the ordered item for now, i hope it is still on it's way, but if Alibaba sais it was dilivered i do not think i will see it ever again, and my money is gone.I will wait for a few days and then contact my creditcard company to recall the payment.
Merchants vary from one to the other. You really have to fish for someone who responds quickly and accurately. I suggest buyers look for several sellers and not rely on only one.
ME GUSTA
Lowers the risk of doing business with Companies overseas.
My last three orders valued at over 7K have not been sent but you say the order is complete.
reactivity however some of your suppliers tried to go around the system and make me feel uncomfortable .
Perfect !
IYES I WANT MY ORDER QUICK
?
They don't understand the way new buyers are exploited by international sellers.
Made a complaint and request for refund where the quality was under the quality specifications and the Assurance was not specific to what happens when the manufacturer refuses the request for a refund. Now I am stuck with items I cannot sell to my customers due to poor quality. Note that this is the second order with the manufacturer. Sending the products back to China from Uganda was not worth the extra payment, ordering new items with a different manufacturer was more reasonable.
Shhh!
Can't solve problem as expected. Can't get money back from supplier even quality failed.
Lo único malo para mi es, que para el proceso de una garantía es demasiado demorado para un resultado final.
サービス自体は最高　しかし翻訳の精度や　契約の内容がわかりにくい
Often the supplier can not see that I have used the Domestic Wire Transfer option.
Here we can find a possibility of a good business.
Trade assurance gives me confidence to buy abroad
Is good quality and good price, the sipping time is very good
Great communication - thank you
El buen servicio y precios bajos
every time i need to do something now on Ali, requires me to wait for a 6 digit code.....waste of my time!plus the cost of order anything now is met with an = shipping fee....WORTHLESS
Safe money transfers of course first of all
I am waiting for  a shipment paid for in September. The agent/seller is not responding to my inquiries.
This is very difficult to work out an order and shipping. Also being a small business I would like to buy from different suppliers smaller amounts to fill 1 container.
Peace of mind.
trust
Very easy to use
As We have been overcharged a the port and requested our money without any response
Fast shipping. Good communication.
useless and the person was unhelpful.
Its very secure and safe
No issues. Easy to communicate with seller.
If you are speaking of the shipping company, I would not recommend them to anyone. The agent changed the price after he communicated with the supplier. Then the delivery location was not correct even after I confirmed the correct address with the agent, it was still shipped to the wrong location.
me sentio seguro al realiar un pedido
You can find anything you looking for through Alibaba.
hola, el servicio de garantía de comercio no puedo dar buenas referencias, no me ha beneficiando ni tampoco he recibido nada por parte de los proveedores que no cumplieron con el trato. Alibaba  no me respaldo
HICE NEGOCIOS CON LA EMPRESA FUZHOU OUKESI NETWORK TECHNOLOGY CO.ME CAMBIARON EN VARIAS OCASIONES DE MODELOS PORQUE YA NO TEN?AN. AL FINAL NO SE NI QUE MODELOS ME HABR?N ENVIADO. MI MERCADER?A HASTA AHORA NO SALE DE ADUNAS, YA QUE DICE EN LA FACTURA 237 PARES Y SOLO HA LLEGADO 185. AHORA ELLOS CULPAN AL AGENTE DE CARGA. YO SIEMPRE TRAJE MERCADER?A Y NUNCA OCURRI?. ESTUVE SOLICITANDO SU AYUDA POR UNA NUEVA FACTURA PORQUE ADUANA DEC?A QUE NO ESTA DETALLADO DE ACUERDO A LO ENVIADO. TAMPOCO ME DABAN SOLUCI?N. YO TUVE QUE HACER AQU? EN MI PA?S UNA FACTURA. UNA EMPRESA POCO SERIA. NUNCA MAS YO PUEDO TRABAJAR CON ELLOS. ES UNA GRAN DECEPCI?N. AHORA NO QUIEREN HACERSE CARGO DE LO QUE FALTA. SOLO CULPAN OBVIAMENTE A OTRAS PERSONAS.
I would recommend Alibaba because every company i have made trade with are real companies, easy and fast service.
Hi, dear Alibaba team I order 20 pcs of Hospital medical equipment 6L room oxygen concentrator 3 months ago but still do not receive them. Totally with the shipping cost to Armenia, I paid 3360$. But now I face the problem that I should pay again for shipping for bringing it from Poti port to Yerevan city. At first, the shipping company demand some original documents but initially they had the all necessary scan documents, as a rule, the original documents examples have sent with cargo company and in the port passed to the clearance service. Anyway, I paid 65$ to the seller for sending the original documents to Poti port but again after receiving them the shipping company did not ship it and still kept it in their warehouse and now demand 900$ for storage .Now I want to make refund cause I did not receive my order and do not want to pay extra money for it illegally cause initially has been agreement of payment 3360$ with shipping to Yerevan and no other agreement between me and seller about extra shipping money . Please attached see all chat massages during this period.
I would recommend it because it gives peace of mind
In most cases its over before the product really reaches me. Mostly because german customs takes very long time.
I have several orders that take very long time especially at german customs (one item was there for nearly 3 month) in this time the Trade assurance just ends and the safety is gone!
works for me
Amazing ppl Perfect prices Good service and SECURE transactions!
No dispute operation for some orders that have problem
Pienso que debería existir una opción donde el comprador pueda pagar contra entrega para verificar la calidad y características del producto
no reason
The platform has been great and I would recommend to other company owners.
It's a safer way to do business.
available
la garantia de comercio es buena ya que te garantiza que tu producto llegara y tienes un respaldo en caso no llegue a cumplirse lo acordado
Porque se reclamó por un mal producto recibido y la persona que atendió resolvió con un mal criterio. Aquí tengo el producto da?ado.
Ability to find professional and high quality wholesalers is the main reason I bring my business to alibaba.
hast el momento he podido contar con buena experiencia de envios
io non ho avuto rimborsi...quindi non raccomando di acquistare su alibaba
Security
wrong order sent
Shipping took a while, but the quality of the item was outstanding.
Bridges the unknown gap
it's getting harder to use the website
Alibaba is very quick at responding and helps me get what I need. I love it.
Great system
I have asked where my costume is since December with No response from anyone - No apology and no refund
RAS
Easy to work with. Good products. friendly.
Some proceeds on tje site are not user friendly but in generaly all is OK
It’s very secure
not now
The offered goods have an interesting price, but then the delivery costs do not make them as attractive any more.
is safe
Excellent service.
Very satisfied.
yes
i want to my order
fast and efficient
I haven't needed to use it yet but I am LOVING Alibaba.
A great service I can find the product and supplier I want to deal with.
safety
I am very pleased with the product quality I received.  It was exactly as I had hoped.
Very safe and a liable way to protect your money and purchases.
It's an amazing service
your policy favors the seller too much.  i had a seller give me counterfeit goods and there was no good consideration as it was too hard to prove to you since we sell on amazon -
i need someone from alibaba to help me.  The vendors are not following instructions.
I once had an issue with sanlian chain company and they sent me the wrong size chains, alaibaba never refunded me.
Se encuentran unos productos a un costo bueno.
It protects both sides. The buyer and the seller.
Рекомендую, т.к. это очень удобный сервис с интуитивно понятным интерфейсом.
safety and confidence
safe
Clear , simple and fast service
Nil
secure purchase reliable suppliers didactic continuous communication
because there are interesting and good products
Adds a reassurance that my order is safe.
wrong items were shipped and I had to fight for a month and never got it resolved.  I offered to send back the wrong items and never got an answer.  The vendor was just trying to drag out the process hoping I would give up. Then I wanted me to sell them myself to get my money back.  hen offer me a partial refund.  SHip the right item and you would not have this problem.
I dont understand why the protection of the trade assurance is so short, I order 200 pcs of a Mobile Game controller, the worst experience in my life, the worst supplier, more than 30 controllers was broken, all my costumers want guarantee, i have yo change them, all my utility goes to the trash. I make the reclamation and Alibaba said that was too late. Is very sad, i lost my confidence.
muy buen producto
ASE TIEMPO ME HIIERON UN FRAUDE UNA MEPRESA DE PARTES PARA BOMBAS HIDRAULICAS, METI UNA RECLAMACI?N Y NO TUVE SUERTE, SOLO SE BASARON EN QUE EL PROVEEDOR NO RECONOCI? EN FRAUDE Y PERDI MI DINERO.
so happy for the support i have receive from the business i choose.
not any
Trade assurance Service est très sur et j'ai toujours été satisfaite
As a beginner it helps a lot to follow every move or step.
The customer service of Alibaba is horrible, and protect just the supplier, I received my package on wrong color, I open a resolution but my case was denied that fuck ridiculous I have to pay 2 times for the shipping I f the mistake was not my
Есть обратная связь с продавцом. Быстрая отправка.
No refunds or exchanges, even if damaged.There is no return, exchange or refund, even if the product is wrong.Even if we say "ship next week", we will ship one month later.
no hay buena comunicación con el proveedor
I would recommend it because it is a guarantee to the buyer. One thing that I do not like about it is that most of the manufactures and traders listed the Trade Assurance labels on their page, but when they are contacted they do not offer the service.
contro quiality products
it make me trust the sellers
Appeal process needs to be faster.
Better prices, and easy to pay with Alibaba secure payment.
I received a defective product.  The item was a spinning crystal necklace and when I received the item it was not properly assembled, many of the necklaces were broken and 100% of the necklaces did not spin properly.  They did not function.  The dispute process was painfully slow, and I only received 50% of my order total back as a refund.  I still have not seen the refund on my credit card.  I still have a defective product.  I am unable to leave a review.  The products are garbage and I lost hundreds and hundreds of dollars.
I would recommend it because it protects the buyers from being cheated
serios
Effective and intuitive to navigate
Simplicity of useMakes vendors more professional
Great products for sale.
is important a safer transaction
i ordered my necklace on december 26,2019 and i still haven’t received it and it’s 1/17/20
solo tube una fallacon un proveedor que todavia no me llega elproducto esde noviembre que lo pedi
Pour avoir une sécurité dans les commandes
I recommend Alibaba Trade Assurance Service due to Simply Said excellent.
perfect service
Good!!!
I haven't had to use it yet
As a complete novice I found the shipping confusing at first and was worried I would end up with a shipment I couldn't carry or transport ending up in a port somewhere with duty due and I would have to go and collect it at great cost. It would have been helpful to explain the different shipping methods (FOB, DDP etc) and give some reassurance around that.  Once I discovered DDP I request it every time and everything goes smoothly so I have ordered a few times more from Alibaba and will continue to do so in the future
A safer option for transaction.
Easy
Trade Assurance is great and helpful with safe purchases and information exchange with other companies. Tracking is great and accurate usually and overall great experience better than most sites.
Trade assurance dispute -Negative aspects1. very inflexible the initial conditions of the dispute likely have changed after negotiation but there is no way to modify the condition or request to modify condition with approval of the other party  once the dispute has started fix:  allow request of modification of the terms / conditions even after dispute has started 2. allow the opposing part to send communicate through the dispute section of trade assurance even if there is agreement / or request for cancellation be made available(continue in question 5)
sometimes is hard to deal when there is a problem with supplier.
No need
If I would recommend it, it gives us a certainty that our orders are protected
I want to know the seller is a maker of the product or not.So many similler products exist on the page.If the seller is the maker, I can ask the detailed specification of the product.
I am not clear on how to use it. Currently I bought 5 machines from ALibaba and the machines are very cheaply made and  I am in US. I have been talking to them over whats app and they are not getting the issue fixed and I am out of thousands of dollars
Three reasons: First reason is Alibaba is my supplier.. I don't want persons to exactly know my supplierSecond reason is the language barrier between english and chinese prolongs transactions significantly. I think if the customer service reps knew English better the confusion at times wouldn't occur Third reason is the reply rate is slow and that as well prolongs the process of finding an item you want..and paying for it. it is too long of a process.
Very good
It is very safe and secure. It ensures that there is little to no stress with reliability when it comes to trusting companies with your money, and vice versa
Its too easy to navigate on the page and perfect options for business
I liked
I feel safe
High comissions
eso remplazarías las cartas de créditos y mejora el procesos en aduana local
hice  un pedido  en  diciembre de vestidos  y  aun no me  llegan  nada
all my order arrive
è una protezione essenziale che ci tutela nell acquisto
good service
got
porque si resuelven tu problema
ENCUENTRO TODO LO QUE NECESITO, BUEN PRECIO Y RAPIDO ENVIO
You have many suppliers that post one item on photo but do not have and then only attempt to sell different item. This waste my  time. They are fraud.
Fast service
muy buenos proveedores y tiempo de entrega muy cumplido
I do recommend trade assurance. All other ways are not secure. Not all the sellers use trade assurance and that makes it difficult for us buyers. I've had two transactions that were not on trade assurance and both transactions ended up being a fraud. I think all the sellers must be forced to use trade assurance to make it safe for buyers.
yes
Super
informa??es desencontradas e poucas, nunca se sabe por onde anda o produto
to get a better confidence
The reason I am giving this feedback is: Most of the products on alibaba has fake price per item/piece /unit. It would be better the price to be fixed per quantity or close to the real price. Most of them has really big differences between price shown on the product page and real price when start conversation with the Agent to make an order.  I spend a week to find and order 1 product. All traders has been checked with price just, waste my time.
it gives the buyer more confidence and assurance.
Dishonest suppliers
The site is complicated, I cant easily see my orders or my messages or the people that require information from me. It needs simplification. GREAT Sellers! but the website isnt very user friendly.
The tape was cut off registration.  So the logo is off-center on the tape.
ALIBABA ROCKS!
Every purchase I have made so far has been flawless.
do not know
ослы
The process is simple enough and easy to track.
speed of comunication, fast delivery, clearness
Unable to call and speak with an Alibaba associate after trying for over a week.
It gives me peace of mind
Vendors are very slow in responding to what specific questions are asked about an item. Sometimes it takes up to three days for a response. I am having a bad experience on awaiting shipments. If you call me I will happily discuss!
When you need to contact alibaba to get something resolved because it does not work with the seller, it is almost impossible.The shipping estimate from sellers always varies and the time to closed the deal is over before it is completed and does not allow me as customer to complete it nd show my experience
Webisite is sometimes hard to navigate, it opens to many windows as you go through the process
All is fine, no issues and many response for my more than small question to get a battery.
This is the first time buying a product from Alibaba, an Armchair that costed US $408.00 plus US$395.00 for shipping fee.  I specified delivery to my house in Mexico City.  It was understood that everything was included. And now, the transportation company, CTL Logistics Mexico SA de CV, want to charge an additional US$4,750 (in round numbers).   This is not acceptable!
creo que es una pagina para comerciantes seria
so for it is awesome
Received wrong item. Not even close to what I ordered. Now I have to try and sell it and start over.
Excellent service and feel confident placing an order with assurance service
excellent all
I usually order for other people because I've found it difficult for many people to navigate an order. Other than that, i'm completely satisfied.
Because it’s a good, fast and cheap way to buy things for personal use or to do business
First communication is difficult. I was sold an item, aid for it and then told it was out of stock. Promised a refund and that refund never came,This is a dishonest practice. You take our money and do not deliver the product, Now I am trying to claim the refund and I am asked to use it as a credit to order more things, Terrible. I placed another order with a different seller last weekend and was promised it would ship on Monday and i would be sent a tracking number and nothing, when i ask about it I am told that you are too busy to get to my order, How terrible is that, I was going to order a lot more equipment but this experience is draining and upsetting. you wanted to hear from me so now you have and if you can assist in getting my refund from Yingzhi that would be appreciated  Darryl McCall
After I received the goods, I could not enter ALIBABA to tell you about the service. The system does not alouds me to enter information and explain my agreement with the services of ALIBABA and the company I am buying the products.
It give me peace of mind.
Great and fast service.Congratulations!!
I would
muito bom comprar aqui no alibaba.
nou wij zijn 8 maanden beziggeweest om geld terug te krijgen van een bedrijf .heb mijn geld van alibaba terug gehad. nu snel op zoek naar een ander bedrijf die wel levert.
safety
I really do not have a problem with any supplier now, so I am not be in position to make an opinion
I trust the quality of alibaba.com so to order is more safe and secure
I believe that Trade Assurance is a good program
Safety and simplicity
there have been mistakes in the sending, arriving and delays in responding.
After I arrange my payment by credit/debit card but suppliers often cancel my order because of no stock available. It's my fauIt but I haven't got money refund back from alibaba since last month. Still await.
I wish the sellers were forced to show actual pictures of their product rather than other peoples pictures as it makes it incredibly difficult to find a high quality real product in a sea of fakes
Lo recomendaría por la seguridad de la compra
I receive the goods as expected.
The merchant procrastinates, does not answer, and delays the shipping, then I cannot reach it and is taking the money
Because the channel to pay fail many times
Doing business with China used to be a big risk. Thanks to you we feel we can be more trustfull.
Yes, I would recommend Trade Assurance. It provides peace of mind. Thanks.
I am very impressed with the communication, shipping and quality. Thank you!
It much convenience to find goods.
Very few suppliers are not respect the customer and they use very abuse language.Please take care of that people they will damage the Alibaba brand.Thanks
Great quality goods for reasonable price.
TODO ES MUY BUENO...
I have an order that never arrived, and I opened a case, and Alibaba said the order would be refunded or reshipped, however the seller does not respond to any of my messages!
muy caro
Parceque les transactions sont securisées
Very big market platform, It is possible to get everything and direct contact with suppliers
Some issues with communication website is hard to understand on the order shipping side
TIENEN MUY BUENOS PRECIOS
Это мой первый опят покупки(отношения)на площадке Alibaba,остался очень доволен абсолютно всем-сайтом,сервисом,подача информации,общением......всё,всё понравилось в высшей степени.В моём окружении много родных и знакомых которые узнали о приобретении и знают что остался очень счастлив.Теперь они знают что есть такие замечательные люди и магазины на вашей площадке.Спасибо!Признание и уважение.
Well informed of items movements quick delivery
The shipping fee was way too much from sseller. It should have only ran approximately $20 to $24 according to package weight and they overcharged by $60.00.
I was robbed and given no results by trade assurance
Fast response
Security of information handled and fast service.
Excellent prices and quick shipping.
I purchased four vending machines for the UK. They sadly arrived damaged in the UK and I have not received a refund yet, only $200 compensation. The manufacturers have been extremely unhelpful and are employing delaying tactics. I wouldn't import via Alibaba again as so far we have lost money for the shipment. It's just not worth the risk for anyone from the UK wanting a good honest service.
I really haven't had a lot of experience, so I can only say so far things have been good.
too damn hard to log in should be very easy your system does not allow me to log into different computers
My last order was never received, then you mark it as complete, you got my money, I haven't got what I ordered.
#NAME?
It's simply just an amazing way to keep the business transactions safe as well as having the support in the backend should something go wrong.
Aun no tengo la necesidad de hacer valida la garantia
Everything was easy.  I can see exactly where our order is in the system.  I feel comfortable if there is a problem.
i not a reason
MI COMPRA NO LLEGA MUY DEMORADOS EN LA ENTREGA
We've used this company several times and each time theyve been great! with great communiction throughout. Would highly recommend
i placed order 11.11 and recived order too late at hometoday i have time to use itand sure it's not correcti started to buy led in 24 or 48 VOLTSguy send me light in 220 V24 - 48 volt = no danger for me ...here in 220v i made mistake i can diewhat can i do now with your inssurance ?yes i recived order ,yes i ordered led ,but i asked 24 volt or 48 volt ....and today i mount it and i see 220 volt ....how to made buisness with china ?like aliexpress 80% time i have probleme .....
Peace of mind
Product variety, price and quality
Its best.
I recommend Trade for complying with the announcement.
Your goods are safe
I recommend because the trade was easy end the delivery arrive with no problems.
Security for buyer.
it is safe and secure and it  give me pease of mind.
Good arrival date. Though I ordered during the American holidays, the arrival was a little delayed but it was understandable.
POR QUE ENCUENTRO VARIEDAD, SERVICIO Y CALIDAD DE PRODUCTOS
comfortable and useful service
I would recommend because of your rating system.  I feel like it makes it easier to make educated choices on who good suppliers would be.
customer service is difficult to reach, I opened a dispute and I could not contact customer service. purchases of 4000 $ usd and that I cannot have any contact. also when i opened the litigation i had NO SUPPORT FROM ALIBABA. I felt completely alone against Alibaba and the seller. Alibaba does absolutely nothing for buyers, you seem to want to help but the truth is that you have nothing to do with Buyers from Canada. You were always adding days and days when the seller was doing absolutely nothing to resolve the situation. All you do is protect your friends from China. I felt like you were throwing me up on me
The trade Assurance Service is very great, I like it.
Trade
haven't had to use it
N/A
It assures my business receives orders prior to paying vendors.
The trust it builds on the buyer letting them know that there's a backup from Alibaba if something goes different than what was expected.
They assure you are not getting ripped off!!!
So far it has been good, but not too many experiences to further assure it is indeed reliable always.
I'm satisfied with the present.
I don't have enough experience with TAS to really appreciate it.
The communication between manufacturer and customer is amazing.
I liked the service and got what I wanted at a great price.
You have handled everything very professionally and working with a first importer that wasn't easy I am sure.  Thank you.
it gives me added confidence in ordering
O transporte para o Brasil é muito difícil e sinto uma falta de interesse em enviar poucos produtos
It provides piece of mind when purchasing from overseas and you have not had a relationship with supplier previously
Son productos de muy buena calidad y de bajo costo, se puede comprar sin intermediarios
I would recommend trade asurance, since it gives you confidence.
Its so hard to make payments via Alibaba.com using a credit card, even after going through verification, i cant make payments for my goods yet i have money in my card, and called my bank and they assured me that everything was good on my cards, the most horrible website to buy goods from, not worthy the headache, Amazon is very user friendly in payments, Paypal is obviously the best in making payments, but if you have to buy on Alibaba, better buy some headache pills before you proceed. Also the worst part is you cant talk to customer service on phone, only chat, and if they fail to help you, they just log off. stay away from Alibaba
I have had a really good experience, but sometimes i feel like language barrier is kind of challenging.
I had a price diference with the seller related with extra import charges tha I had to pay bafore get the product. I told to the seller about it and he had no problem to resolv it. But when I acivated the refund option the assurance service took and resolved the problem in 3 days.
I would recommend it because it gives you up more certainly on your purchase.
Quick fast and productos
We ordered 100 units of product and received only 28 units.
Slow responses
Security.
J'ai eu un probleme à une livraison non complete qui ne s'est jamais résolu
VERY GOOD SECURITY
Because is easy and very fast
My order was processed well, the supplier was professional, goods were good and arrived when I was told it would arrive.All was god.
It's a quickly e safe service
los envios han llegado bien.
I already had a negative interaction with a company who have not provided me with my services.  Its been 2 months
Reliable
Although I was happy with my order and communication with the seller. I did not receive an email from you and the money went to the seller a week before the goods arrived. I just wanted to let you know.
perchè è impeccabile
I ordered 2 wholesale European IPTV channels. I did not receive it?
I would like to recommend my family members and my friends to market by Alibaba
Alibaba transaction support
easy checked and fast
На Алиэкспресс лучше
The response rate from some vendors are poor.
The product quality is not so good.
I need Trade insurance Because it makes it safe.
Overall good experience in transactions.
good services
easy to make payment & secure
Its much safer
feels safe
easily can find and compare the goods on quality and price on one platform
I would for piece of mind!
I will recommend because i am very satified with most of my orders. its a good business site
I have received faulty products. 3 out of 5 smart watches are NOT working at all. They can NOT even be switched on. The specification of the product says it has camera and call function but there is no camera and calls can NOT be made.
good service
i feel safe when buying abroad and online business actually works
Easy to use
Great Site quick responses
needs better flow.  How many more pop up windows are you going to force?  Effing holy christ.  so many pop ups
sometimes very hard to understand - also sometimes too much pressure put on from seller, where for a buyer its important that understanding between seller and buyer comes first.
es una plataforma segura y nos brinda seguridad a los compradores
They was great help with order and and received in a timely manor
Trading Guarantee
sécurité
The platform could be more user friendly.
very safe and clear conditions
Easy communication with suppliers Good range of products
I would recommend the trade assurance since it gives a person the a high of satisfaction and confidence in doing business with other traders
None.
Misleading  advertising, Said it was for sliding door , in fact it was for hinged door. Also I ordered a Brushed Nichol finish , it came brown finish
I have not had any problem.
I would recommend the Trade Assurance service. Because this can protect sellers and buyers both sides. Build trust!
Reliable and Satifactory servive
Servi?o de boa qualidade , precisa melhorar um pouco
Buyer and Seller Protection Guaranty
Por la seguridad y el seguimiento brindado
We can communication to venders.Orangejazz Hibi
I would do it because it seems more safe foe buyer!
I love Trade Assurance, its very safe transaction and made sure my money is safe and protected, the only downfall is my Bank takes longer days to release the funding.
What I understand about trade assurance is that the merchant I am dealing with is known to the Ali Baba administration as reliable and not fake. This is what I understand about trade assurance.
I will recommend because transactions are safe.
Experienced its reliability
La plataforma ofrece una gran variedad de productos con calidad y bajo costo
Perhaps costs factors.
I have not experienced enough of its usage. Right now I have an issue with supplier not sending samples after being paid, therefore, I requested for a refund of what I paid for sample and shipping cost but I have not received anything at this time.
This really works.
You have good agents
It's fast and user friendly.
It is a useful tool, particularily when working with new suppliers.
good product very communicative.
Everything was great
Good Service. Lead times are sometimes too long. For example 15 days is toooo long. If some of your clients could be a little more dropshipping friendly it would be awesome. I understand there is Ali Express for that but they dont have the variety and over inflate the prices by too much sometimes. I have no option but to use other services. But Alibaba will always be useful to me. Its super helpful. I love it.
Il ya un réél suivi. Il ya une garantie de la transaction.
have none
very good comunicate and service is here.
It is a pity that some companies cannot confirm delivery.
I am ok with it.
Because it is save!
Quality
Safety when one trade with suppliers abroad
Trade assurance provides some certainty to ensure the suppliers meet your expectations.
quality, security, sevices
easy to use
I believe in the Alibaba Brand, and how they value customers and partners, making sure that the customers buy from legitimate businesses. From my understanding, Alibaba also checks the legitimacy of the supplier database they are posting in their website. And also assuring customers with protection that the goods will be good and arrive orderly.
Good service and helpful and very understanding
So far experience was good
best platform ever.
Good products and business relationship with store owners
for more assurance in payment is trade assurance good
great experience a secure platform to engage on
so far i have no complainants with trade assurance
Porque son muy eficientes
I would.
I would because it gives protection to for both parties.
I used Alibaba to find two very specific products and was amazed at how many suppliers replied. The quality of responses was also timely and impressive.
I found it pretty easy to use and my transactions went through without any problems
I never had Problems, I always have good response from my providers.
quantity of suppliers and trust
It is good business practice
PRCTICO
Easy order process, from paying to keeping us apprised of delivery steps and follow up.
Everything has gone according to plan so far so good.
He tenido mala experiencia con vendedor que no se hace responsable de error cometido y Alibaba como mediador se ha puesto de parte del vendedor.
Simple, fast, precise!
It is very difficult to upload images which is a key source of communication with sellers.
Is really comfortable to buy something from a guaranteed supplier.
ALGUNOS PROVEEDORES NO ATIENDEN A LO QUE SE PIDE
it's more secure
I had a case handler which werent bias and clearly favored the company, didnt look at the evidence, didnt give me a reasoning why the evidence wasnt good enough.overall wasnt a very good help.
Srt&gt; Julia, tem um excelente atendimento. Obrigado
Very Quick Service
Atención y seguridad en el pago.
Quality products at Very Affordable prices, Great Service & Instant Shipping, Its Great to get good service these days. Awesome people to deal with, Love the selection.
goooooooood
it's a fast, safe, and simple service
I would recommend.  Good communication and prompt delivery.
DHL SUCKS ASS they are a scam
Keeps everyone Safe :)
lo maxiomo me gusta la plataforma
I didn't know it was an option. I literally thought that process of ordering and paying
I have a problem, they exchanged my package with another person, I have paid customs twice, shipping and more time than expected, I lose money and the trust of my clients
Everybody has been very polite and very helpful with all my inquires
no, se me realizo una devolucion de dinero ni del producto fallado.
The direct communication allowed for assistance in order processing to insure the order was placed correctly with the proper shipping and payment option.
For the experience, very satisfied with the service.
Trade Assurance Service shall conver the customer disput with the trader to the trader and have them to resolve the dispute and not ask the customer to contact the trader.  Instead Trade Assurance Service shall have an agreement with the trader to ensure they are actively engage the customer to rsolve the disput.
We order some merchandise and paid for it more than a month ago. At the date we just have some messages saying that when they have information about our order, they'll let us know.We were suppoused to receive the merchandise in one month.
I feel very protected knowing that if I don't receive an item, I have a way to dispute it.  This is not the Western Union.  I prefer to use Trade Assurance for my business deals.
Problemas en la aduana de México para importar textiles.
Recomendaria, porque, por enquanto está indo tudo bem.
So far my experiences have been great!
I would recommend as my experience was mostly good, I felt protected with my order.
j'ai passé une commande de pieces detachées, et depuis lors je n'ai rien recu. voici le numero d'ordre 24027643001022269, l'Opérateur:  EMS,  Numéro de suivi: EV914209765CN
I felt that my money was protected and the face that the money is held from the supplier until I mark it as received give me more assurance that they will work quicker to get my my products.
I will recomend tha Alibaba Services because is a trust  service
Good service
I think Alibaba,com  as a platform for many companies selling there goods ,you should make sure that those companies are up to international standard.People all over the world do not know them but because they are selling in Alibaba we alway trust them . Unfortunately we found very difficult to trust .
Customer Service is so different from producing in the USA. One stop shop.
HAD PROBLEMS WITH ONE SUPPLIER, NEVER GOT MY MONEY BACK, EVEN HAVING THE MESSAGES SAYING THEY WOULD GIVE ME MONEY BACK, ALIBABA COULD NO DO ANYTHING
It gives you a great peace of mind!
it is reliant on customer to deal with manufacturer instead of having alibaba deal with them
good pricing fast service
it is easy to find out suppliers
Have problems logging in,Can pay using alibaba but can not Sogn in to get my invoice etc
rapides, y qye podemos coordinar directamente con el proveedor
Good transaction
I would recommend due to the full transparency and security of payment and delivery.
always a good experience
I did not have any problems to be able to verify the assurance.
Easy communication with the supplier, the products are like the picture and specification, faster shipping and good service.
Have been happy with the services so far
was very professional and helpful would definitely recommend seller
It automatically confirmed the order's delivery when my package hasn't even arrived yet and was mailed late.
we always receive 2 or 3 Eamils about the same porduct order
Tina was a great help. She was timely and very accommodating. The end product was exactly what I was looking for. The only downside is the shipping cost.
it is prompt, precise and authentic
1. Нет русского языка в переводе. Это есть даже в онлайн играх.2. Нет нормальной поддержки, которая может решать вопросы.3. Нет возможности оплатить, если ошибка с вашей стороны.
because some supplier often say no for development
price
The most important thing in trade is to make your business sound. Alibaba provided us this. Thanks to Alibaba, we are able to establish safer relationships with manufacturers.
Not satisfied with the service
Chinese manufacturers are constantly cunning, quality must always be monitored.
information from sellers is not always accurately indicated
Good morning,they did not visit the company, they did not send a report, they did not send videos, or photos, pay for anything
Secure and accurate
Purtroppo non posso consigliarla perchè non ho mai ricevuto la merceil fornitore e di corriere negano ogni responsabilitàunica cosa che mi hanno mandato è una bolla di consegna con una firma che non è la mia
no
I received very poor quality and damaged flowers from Supplier. Sent photos of flowers which I received was taken in natural light. Supplier supplied photos of the flowers which was taken in artificial light for their website as evidence. I informed Trade assurance of this and they supported the supplier. I also requested a external product inspection and Trade assurance did not arrange this. Then telling me it is out of range. Trade Assurance decision was to issue a partial refund for the damaged flowers, which I cannot sell and am out of pocket.  Trade Assurance Service is a joke. Do not help customers only support Chinese suppliers.
they are professional and precise
Dispute service seems bias to supplier when dealing with dispute claims
I ordered a lock and had problems with it, but the manufacture wouldn't send the replacement part required to fix it, until i sent it back.... It's a lock, it was already in use... I can't take it off and send it back , its locking somebodies door?
convenient area
no reason
I really like the huge selection of manufacturing companies.And it's a good feeling to work with reliable companies.
Very secure
Would recommended for the cheapest price and easy to deal
great service. peace of mind when transfering money.
Because if you have a problem with the seller, eh trade assurance service will protect you.
There are some suppliers I am communicating with that don't get to me with an  answer.   I am wanting to place a order and hasn't gotten back to me with a link but wants me to communicate through her own contact info vs through your website.  Quite frustrating.  Then on the flip side there is one that I have ordered 3 times now and he is very prompt and answers all my questions
Clear and quick service
the site is difficult to use and not self explanatory
I haven't ordered enough to make sure the products are true.
I would recommend it because it provides a sense of trust in the transaction and makes it easier for an entrepreneur to make the decision to purchase from a Chinese supplier since the risk is far less with trade assurance
sicurezza
I order a item. They did not send me anything. I asked for help. Trade Assurance saidsend us proof you did not get anything. I said there is no way to show nothing came.They said you did not prove your case so you are out $58. I have c/o to Visa card
slow delivery
He podido hacer compras sin ningun problema y los productos me han salido buenos. solamente estoy pendiente de recibir una compra que me dijeron que tardaria 20 dias y ya lleva casi 2 meses y no lo he recibido. Por lo demas todo bien
Is great to assure that you will receive the product that you need
vendors can cancel orders without confirmation eliminate abilty to make claims and Alibaba provides no means to commuciate with them for related issues.
i would. because its 100% safe
o atendimento e a rapidez na entrega dos produtos
Sound like one way for safe trading.
I had a great experience with my first order!
Everything went pretty smoothly. It was local shipping that was slow.
i'll recommend ali baba because of the great prices and safety transactions for payment
It would be helpful if you laid out exactly all the benefits of Trade Assurance - what is and what is not covered.
The expected delivery time of my ordered goods is 7 to 30 days. My order didn't arrive yet. But that is to be expected, the 30 days has not gone by yet. But the trade assurance is over already. So I have no opinion on this service, really.
Um pouco de dificuldade para fazer pesquisa. Por exemplo estou prucurando fabricande ar condicionado HFR e nao estou conseguindo
Pago seguro por compra
Porque hasta ahorita me han cumplido con los productos
I not really had to use it, because I managed all the Issues and Problems with the shipping agents, the seller and the custom clearance on my own.
I submit the claim and without communicating with me Alibaba close the cliam.That is not the way to close the claim
Because is safety and my experience with all the products that I bought is really nice. The items taht I received are of a very good quality and the suppliers are very serious
Seriedad, seguridad y confianza
Я не люблю навязывать свое мнение другим. Если спросят, то поделюсь своим опытом. Иногда непрофессиональные действия продавцов на платформе Alibaba разочаровывают меня. Хотя мои деньги застрахованы, но деловое время, которое я теряю из за халатности продавцов, мне не возмещается. А время - это движок сотрудничества в коммерции. Мои клиенты теряют доверие ко мне и к моим обещанным срокам из за халатности продавцов. И это отражается на последующих сделках и отражается к не состоявшиеся сделки.
Great product, but I usually don't recommend products until I used them for a period of time.(Just i case).
i have safety of products i buy
The platform needs to be more user-friendly. I would like to be able to delete or group my messages based on criteria. For example, I would like to but all my manufacturers for paper products in one folder and all my manufactures for jewelry in another folder.
Oh,really that is for great sincerity, timing management, caring about the customer and product, and also the caring about the feedback from the customer side.
ESTAN MUY PENDIENTES Y CUMPLEN LOS PLAZOS.
You do not protect your customers. I've a problem with one of my order, and finally after i payed to you assurance, i don't get any compensation  for broken product, delay delivery with more than 2 months and missing profit.So you service is not worth, and probably i will not use it anymore.I'm totally disappointment from you!!!
The Trade Assurance Service time is too short. I didn't get my order yet (even didn't sent yet) and the Trade Assurance time is passed.
Safty
some times i can chose the size and chose the colors thats bother me but the site is awesome
I received the wrong product ,I ordered oxytetracycline and received a food powder
easy to deal direct with manufacturers. they also reply after hours.
安心できます。とても良い。
i would recommend people use trade assurance when ordering because it protects you , your funds and relationship with the supplier.
The Trade assurance service is very heavily weighted in favour of the supplier. This is the exact opposite of what it should be.
They never get back to you when you have an issue
Fast
The service is very easy to use.
buenas, hice un pedido el dia 11 de diciembre y hasta la fecha no me ha llegado el envio
Trade Assurance Service is to help our rights on trade with suppliers. I surely will recommend this service. But I hope some fees would not cost much in the future.
the quality is very good !!!  perfect !   and the service very good , i like the seller,  will go on cooperation with them !
The whole process was easy and clear
Had a couple hiccups along the way with packaging, branding, missing quantities ordered, but most everything went smooth for our first time ordering. Will continue to buy bulk items and look forward to future deals.
toujour pour protéger l investissement
The respons were very quick but the the shipment make me unhappy because the tax duty especially .
Great platform although a little slow and clunky, often have to log out and in to reload message centre.
feels secure, english punctuation could be better though
très bon service
its very safe
Scammers
Able to locate reputable businesses to get the best product from.
Peace of mind
Todas las operaciones han sido bien atendidas
I would recomend as the order went well,
No reason
Trade Assurance is 100% FALSE and did NOTHING to provide help for an obvious FRAUD SELLER. I don't need to tell you guys what the problem is, you know that you are false and don't help buyers, you defend your sellers who do fraud.
ur slow to give prices
I had one problem in the past, and the trader assurance didn't cover me. I am not sure if it is really good to have.
Login process not that good for paaword recovery, email change, and paying does not get completed.very difficult to use payment system
the live chat with sellers made the purchase process easier and faster. Trade Assurance helped me to have a piece of mind when dealing with a remote sellers at the other side of the world. Thank you
Te brinda la seguridad de que tu compra es segura
malo
I love Alibaba
I have yet to try Trade Assurance. I am sure its trustworthy.
Excellent service
I had a very great experience with who I have been working with. I am very happy.
100% protect buyer's interests.
Easy and fast to use. directly communication and payment.
trusted
Excellent, but what a supplier company would not recommend especially shenzhen aisimei electronics CO., LTD from whom I buy 12 t500 smartwatch items where 5 of them have failures
The service seems like a good safety bridge for making transactions between traders who are strangers to each other.
The Trade Assurance Service seems good, but I have not needed to use it for any problems.
so far i have no issues
No refund
some sellers lie
Worst service ever, not trustworthy at all
Very helpful and good tracking services
some sellers are quite slow or dont reply in an appropriate time and leave you hanging  as to wether they have read your enquirey or not others are great
A seller on your site, took our money and never shipped the goods. We provided all the documentation showing he gave us false information. Tracking number is fake. Both tracking. we sent we chat info. I wish the worse for Alibaba and this seller. You took my money. I am about to get nasty be prepared.
It's quick and easy and allows you to be able to make a large array of different products and prototypes.
I didn't have any trouble   in my  order.
no
The support needs to improve... the customer service not solve any issue with suppliers
I lost 2800 dollars and your team has not answered my claim since March
Just love the setup and talking to my contacts ,all very officiant and a nice permeance.
So far all good no issues
No,reason
At this moment I can not give you a full report on my experience as my first order has still not arrived however I can tell you my experience up to this point. If you want a more detailed report you can send me my report after my items have arrived (they are coming by sea).My primary concern regarding assurance is regrading a bit of a glitch when using shipping services to purchase your goods.
sometimes the seller does not have good communication
asked help and still no solution 3moths!
Peace of mind
every thing worked out fine for me
extremely recommend
I didn't have issue yet , just started buying
ok
Trade Assurance makes me feel confident that I will find reputable manufacturers.
No
I bought 3 things in the last few months, there are serious problems with all orders. 1 order is lost. 1order took 4mths to be delivered and cost hundreds in clearance, 1 item was broken and the seller refuses to resolve and the trade assurance does not cover me sufficiently
Communication with sellers
Alibaba es un servicio que ha facilitado la adquisicion de mercancias que en mi pais es complicado encontran, aun asi los tramites para importacion en ocasiones siguen siendo complejos ya que no se asisten por medio de la plataforma
I purchased a 30 headbands from Bengbu City Lan Ying for $32.50 and I never received the package.  I want to request a refund. The package is showing delivered to lrvington us. I'm not even familiar with that location being that I live in West Columbia sc.
The organization of suppliers and contact info is a little complicated and not clean when trying to organize.
it's the only way to be sure about transactions with suppliers we never met before
Wide choice of manufacturers
Reliable suppliers are great.
Because I have to pay around 20 USD for the shipping cost which I had been paid before (when I submitted my order). Thank u
I love the platform, the different options that I have, also the detail about each supplier and trade assurance. Sure brings peace when purchasing something
Trade Assurance protects the customer and seller for the goods/disputes
Great inventories and pricing.Awesome communications
its rapid
i love the working relationships i have developed
its a good platform and its quick
It has been a good experience
Todo me parece muy bien, es clara la informacion la comunicacion con el vendedor es muy rapida y consisa
Dealing with the company who was shipping my product I have been told nothing but lies my product has not arrived yet and it was supposed to arrive September 1 from shaoxing sweet protrading They even gave me a price and once they got the product in their warehouse they call me back and change it for more money because they knew I couldn't do anything about it because I already had my boxes at there location to ship out very disappointed in this company will never use again
Its great, customer can rest assured that his money won't be lost, I thank you for your great company and attitude to protect peoples' rights, and to make good honest sellers grow with business, and making bad sellers out of the selling field as they won't exist due to your protection.
Great services
I don*t need it till yet.
trade assurance works! first time buying, i liked it
Terrible
I would recommend Trade Assurance because my experience of using it was trouble free and easiyl followed.
This product gives comfort in buying large purchases from an unknown place and unknown seller.
The shipping was very fast and the sellers are extremely friendly and helpful.
I love that you have everything i need and more
I like it because it adds a level of trust. Especially when dealing with a new supplier for the first time. It allows me to shop with confidence.
,,
it is secure
It works
I believe we have to have more information about the clearance procedure when the parcel arrives at the destination.
I would recommend Alibaba because i have a very good experience buying things i need.
Great customer service and fast shipment of products.
exchange rates
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it gives comfort that you will be assured to received the merchandise you paid for or receive a full refund.
Good over all communication and service.
Very good cooperation on delivery. Papers, very flexible service and good communication. No matter what time of day or night.Many thanks to
Effective and easy
My transactions were all successfull.
I haven't used it yet, but it does give me a peace of mind when placing orders. I just hope that I would be adequately protected if an issue does arise.
Initially its a very good method to send payment to supplier.no negative side.
very simple to purchase
I like that I can purchase in confidence with trade assurance.
alibaba offers a wide range of products with different moq requested
'CAUSE IT WORKS VERY WELL
It feels safe using Trade Assurance. I would recommend all buyers to utilize this on all orders
The assurance itself is good. The customer service is not. Many standard phrases which were not helpful.
You guys are effecient
I don't really understand what alibaba would do if products go missing or they don't send the product.
The app for mobiles is very glitchy. Can not seem to get into my messages unless I log out and back in and sometimes that doesn't work either. Needs some work.
When it comes to refunds it doesn't protect you, if goods are not of a good standard.
It is a fantastic, easy to use service with no complications at all.
Nothing
Often the transit time and clearance time in India does not permit enough time to check and use the product. We have often had product failures after 30 days of use and then cannot get any claims.
Chat tools should be more effective. Highlighting and editing should be embedded in chat service.
efficient & safe
Because many people are scammed by this platform, for this reason I recommend using Trade Assurance Service, also one has an intermediary to resolve conflict, it is my first purchase with this platform, but I have used it by other people who have recommended me to use this protection.
I want to do business in my country so i need to order from you company to my country, Thank you
The site is too scattered and no user friendly.
trustworthy
great protection for you order
One time a seller lied about their FDA certificate and the the goods were confiscated and destroyed in shipping and I was not given a refund
This service have LC handle and good documents no need extra follwup
Because of the feeling of being safe through the internet that I got using this service.
its ok
I have never used it
Because give vustomer the safety in the moment that he or she is buying a good
very secure for both ends, good record keeping.
its liable
Dresses for women are beautiful and reasonably priced
I don't receive the invoice of my buying ? it's a problem for me
Hassle free and gives you peace of mind regarding your order
Trade Assurance Service is very important when placing an order outside of any country.  It guarantees your order and you will feel safe knowing that your product is delivered and it is in good hands.
They do what is right for the customer
my friends hev different works
It make Buyer confident for made payment
It is a good service and they guarantee the fulfillment of the delivery of the merchandise and the guarantees offered
i do recommend , i  also would prefer the site to be completely in AUD as they keep getting confused when i ask for AUD not USD
Extremely quality and professional supplier
I have been buying on Alibaba and Aliexpress for years.  As the business grow, we are buying more and more.  Alibaba and Aliexpress still doesn't solve problem when it comes to quality.  The seller doesn't disclose the quality of the product or make misleading quality assurance, there is no protection to the buyer.  I had too many times buy products that are pretty much useless because of quality but if I opened a case, Alibaba and Aliexpress would just side with the seller.  There is a need for quality insurance which I don't mind paying and which will punish seller which sell bad quality product to the point they are pretty much useless.
I've needed it during a dispute and it really didn't seem to help much.
very easy to do and convenient
Awesome service
Many options in providers.. but not all publish a real price for products.
Some request are awkward. Front facing sales don't seem to read initial requests so communication is often repeated. Questions are not answered directly.
The information on orders, messages etc is up to date and quick. There layout of the Trade Assurance page is very good and clear and easy to navigate.
clothing here on the picture is not the same as when its deliver to your door . these people here take your money and you cant even get a refund or an exchange , this is robber here but online . do better !
Fast Service
I have ordered three items from Alibaba so far. The first one arrived and I was charged for customs duty which was supposed to be covered by the supplier. The machine cost $190 and I paid $280 for delivery alone that supposed to cover all expenses. I emailed the supplier for a refund of that cost as well as expressed it in the review and I didn't hear from the supplier or Alibaba. I have two more orders that were closed as delivered but I have not received those orders up till now. I am simply not satisfied al all
don't want competition
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service, however I'm still don't feel in control.
There are to many scammers for items like Roku and Amazon Fire Sticks.  I have had suppliers swear at me because i have asked for a quote,  Many of the suppliers for Fire sticks have the same cooperate photo and will only talk on Whatsapp and will only take unsecured methods of payment as we found out the hard way.  Why do you allow a business sublease their site to less than reputable vendors to sell products which are not covered trade assurance when the site says they accept trade assurance   Please clean your site up we have had great results from reputable suppliers, In fact we just got shipment today from a Alibaba supplier
Very convenient and I can get good competitive rates and all the info that I need
Trust in the process
The company and its representative have shown level of professionalism. They maintain the high value of relationship with the customer with their constant communication and updates. The way they treated the transaction was more than just a business affair but rather more of partners and family.
everything was great an secure
.
The Shipping Details showed by Alibaba do not conform to reality. The product has already reached me, but the Alibaba page says that it is still in transit and that the product is being delayed. Now that the product has arrived I am calmer, but three months after making the payment the product had not arrived and it had been two months since the Alibaba page told me that the product was delayed. So I really thought it was a scam and that the product was not going to reach me.
Inspection services give great peace of mind when dealing with a new vendor sight unseen.
System is much too automated.  Sometimes a buyer needs to speak directly with a real person.
felt safe ordering with trade assurance
Communication with Alibaba is not effective. My packages were lost and the supplier was not responsive. I reached out to Alibaba team and they keep saying the supplier has no control over the shipping company, even when the shipping company is saying "the shipper" should communicate with us, no the recipient. Alibaba Trade Assurance need to exercise a bit more power and control over the sellers!!! Unfortunately, communication with Alibaba team was ineffective.
I bought a stock with this service, the products are defective and do not match the size chart.And this responsibility does not help at all in this matterI was robbed of $ 2955 because I relied on this service
For the security it gives me in the process
Because I was able to verify that the negotiations with the representative (seller) were very serious, direct and professional, in my first shopping experience with alibaba I really needed a person to guide me, to make me feel safe and supported, to have patience with me Since the language barrier is a real difficulty and what I suffered from the person who attended me and guided me through this process far exceeded all my expectations, I sincerely congratulate Aisling Li, for the professionalism, experience and seriousness with which I made this business successful
great flatform
My order was statutory "delivered" before it reached me
It gives peace of mind to the buyer that the transaction is credible.
I would like to recommend the Trade Assurance Service because is very sure for to make a transactions by electronic media and the goods arrives in the confirmed time.
Completed my first two orders, which recently arrived.
We have problem with an order and Alibaba no help to solve it
good service.
I would recommend it as it is reliable.
Easy and effective.
I was sent some products that did not match the seller description and had this communicated very clearly. Alibaba received all this evidence and processed me a refund of less than 50%
ongoing dispute has not been sorted for 4 weeks
I always recommend Trade Assurance Service, that service is the reason I convince each of my customers to buy from Alibaba.
Unfortunately it is hard to be sure that you will get in touch with the real factory, there are too many resellers.
STAY SAFE BOTH SIDE BUYER AND SUPPLIER
I feel more secure in buy
safety. warranty.
it is very reliable
Yes Good service
is a safer way to do business
I would definitely recommend.
From everything I've read online, it seems like trade assurance is not much help when things go wrong. It will require sending the products back to China for review by Alibaba QC. This only adds more cost and hassle. I didn't realise this when ordering. Both orders I've made on Alibaba, the manufacturer had made mistakes, however I don't feel like using Trade Assurance is even an option worth pursuing.
It seems that our purchases are safe and that we can expect to receive our items after we placed an order and paid to some unknown supplier all the way in china
it a good service pot holl
Your claim service is garbage. It sided with the Chinease suppliers and work very unfairly. No business can flourish with this kind of business practice. World has changed however, it seems that you are still living in stone age justice system. There has to be fair dealing with customers who trust when they send money in advance. However, I found it is total failure in your trade deals.
The time is closed too soon after the product can be removed from customs and tested. 15 more days would be perfect to avoid any inconvenience with the supplier. Another issue I had was that the supplier did not ship long after paid and this complicated the lead time in my company.
It gives peace of mind particularly when dealing with new suppliers, although also useful for all transactions
Reliable service
N/A
When I had an order that was not correct the trade assurance was not able to help, only a partial refund which was not fair because the quality of the goods was so poor.
safer business, less risk
I would like to recommend Trade Assurance Services for security and safety for both Seller and Buyer!
easy to find and order what i needed and speedy delivery!!
its gives me the assurance that the product i paid is in good condition and can make dispute if not satisfied
Please create the web side in german
Trade Assurance dont help me at all when it comes to recover money from scammers
Easy, safe
Peace of mind
I find it easy to work with Alibaba and I also feel its a safe platform for business. I also feel that incase something goes wrong I can reach out to Alibaba for resolving the issue.
My Rep Lucia is the greatest ever! She is professional, friendly and quick to find new info for me. Very happy with this service!
was good as expected
It's great
It is a relatively simple process. There can be some language barrier issues, but that is to be expected.
It's confident
If not Assurance Service then who?
It takes a long time to resolve a dispute
The  Seller can still make a fraud .
I ordered goods, they didn't arrive and all attempts to get a refund has been unsuccessful! Order#44189518501025595 & 44228923001025595.
Recommend Trade Assurance Service for tranquility
It's there to protect my purchases
because i found what i need in sample way
.
their transaction ease and method in resolving disputes
Its goods.
The transaction fee is to high
The reason is that I bought samples from a seller which lied about the fabric in the items, sent me wrong colors for some items and the sizes were not according to the measurements I gave the seller. I lost 115 dollars and Trade Assurance did not help me.
reliability
The sellers are very friendly and accommodating. The delivery was on time. The goods were neatly packaged. Thanks again
not applicable
?ok memun kald?m
I have not had to use it
I didn't say that.  I don't know that much about it.
I use aliexpress and it will be good that you accept mercadopago from Mexico to do payments easier
Does a good job
Might have escrow
I would recommend it because of the protection it gives in dealing with people unknown to me
Saf
Nil
easy to trade and communicate with reputable suppliers
Not enough experience with this uet
Gives a level of security for purchases which is great
I like it very much, very helpful for my shop. will recommend when any friends need purchase online.
Good service
it is secure
The charges are very high
safe on payments
Havent needed it
I'm still new with Alibaba so I'm not too confident to give a perfect score. No bad experience for me just yet, hopefully never.  Most are positive reviews but I've been reading the negative reviews and it makes me feel skeptical and I hope I never have to experience what they have experienced.
easy to deal with
Confidence in good business, problem resolution.
Convenience
some people do not respond
Great communication, prompt service, huge range
THE ARE VERY PROFESSIONAL, THEY ANWERON TIME AND YOU HAVE A VERY GOOD USER EXPERIENCE
Safe way to send money,knowing you are covered if anything goes wrong.
No
not protection for the buyer from the seller if not ship or deliver of the paid items to the buer
When I submitted my request of refund the suppliers emailed me that I don't need to return the product but the website won't let me change the Yes Return to NO RETURN PRODUCT. So supplier suggested to wait until the case close and re-submit a refund specifying NO RETURN PRODUCT.Supplier willing to refund me without returning the product for me to save the shipping cost back.No the website under refund won't let me submit a refund again.  Can you give suggestion how to submit a refund on the same refund request before?
Very difficult and hard to resolve issues
when the product rost or not   it is very clrealy know
it works
shipping is pricey - alibaba sometimes do cheaper without signing up as a registered business - customers can buy same product from there
Because is safety
es efectivo y cumple lo que promete
I put I. That I had received my order ,but did not register. May have done it wrong in which case it needs to be more obvious where to sign off
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance Service, because the delivery is on time, suppliers try their best to provide you the best products and prices.
i ordered a product and it came out very bad and low quality, not as promised, the seller did nothing to help me and the dispute takes very long time to get supported
Excellent service!!
My order did not arrive. no explanation.
last order of kn95 is totally worst
Feel more secured with Trade Assurance.
It's a good,  reliable and competent
I purchased shoes and one shoe was losing it's stitching making the shoe unwearable
For his good service and communication with the client.
no, the salesman does not answer all the requests of the customer at the time of the personalization of the product. whereas on the card it is marked that there is possibility of personalization.yes, the material is followed until it reaches its destination and if it doesn't arrive we get a refund.yes, there are several suppliers several prices
I am very satisfied with the product quality
The service is top and up to date
given a fake tracking number that is stuck in germany and the seller wont provide me with a link to track the product
Please make it easier to understand what next option is. Such as, if I want to accept the conditions of sale for a supplier, there should be an "ORDER" now button. Instead, there is "CHAT NOW" button
just so you know the quality of product
ITS GOOD TO HAVE TRADE ASSURANCE
I would because   i am sure that i will receive the product
Response time
very useful
Focus Herb Co. sent me products that were illegal with out me knowing and were detained in customs and is refusing to give me a refund for my order i placed back in May 2020.
As a small retailer, I feel much safer placing orders through a reputable, trustworthy service. It definitely gave me peace of mind knowing that there was an external service protecting our interaction.
es excelente
It's safe for new sellers like me.
Eficient, lots of  variety
The service has been perfect for me. Finding suppliers for products, purchasing such supplies and receiving my item on time. I really don't need to look anywhere else. Great website, great service and great people! PERFECT!
Alibaba did not support me in a dispute and we have been scammed from a seller
Peace of mind
Too many listings with poor descriptions
Trade assurance service is safe and secure and you can be rest assured that there will be no fraud, or even if there is, it will be effectively sorted by Alibaba
When suppliers send wrong order or broken orders I  never get assistanceThey always on suppliers side not buyer. it is frustrating.
because i received lat shipping , and the Carton was damage
It?s very easy looking for manufactures and their reply rate is high. Very pleased with comunication and security.
I would recommend because it protects the buyers
complicated to use for me in Brazil, I use to buy in aliexpress it`s easy but here complicated
very security
amazing services
The items are genuine
High transfer cost, complicated conditions, no reference
very satisfied
System just assume things are allright and pay suppliers, sometimes before they have even dispatched the product. And there is no really help available if products are more than received more than 30 days ago. Chinese manufactors know there are very little a foreign retailer can do if not satisfied.
Because I open the claim and still after more then one month nobody check it!!!
Very important to have this facility to protect buyers
I have found Alibaba effective for my purpose
Easy to use and easy to get support and clear explaination from alibaba support when need it.
Very trustworthy and it has worked for me
Secured payments
Minimizing the risk of buying from an unknown company
There is no information about the status of my order. If this company wants to get new costumers/business partners they should treat new costumers much better. I am totally disappointed about the costumer service besides that I am waiting many weeks for a sample. I don't want to imagine how long a full order would take!
Trade assuarance supposes to give more security to buyers. But since I  didn't have  a trouble case yet, I dont  know up to what level aliaba is willing to protect
Will recommend because of Trade assurance option and reliable factories
competition to my buissness
It's fast and safe.
I like the excelent service
The automatic confirm receipt for transport to Africa is too short. Airfreight should be at least 30 day
it is the way Alibaba works. Seems all good to us
No no you need this...
I find it very difficult to read all the messages I get through your site. The navigation is horrible.
A seller can send an incorrect item to me and the trade assurance customer services will always be on the sellers side. The trade assurance process is not a fair processed and is biased towards the sellers in China.
strange program, no logic
I will do this to help business owners increase their returns and benefit from quality service.
for protection
I would recommend, because of security of transactions.
Because it did not protect me against one supplier who delivered a product that is missing features mentioned in the contract
Trade Assurance only covers transactions after payment is done. I've had an experience where the buyer after much negotiation suddenly did not want to push through with the contract even though there is not enough reason.
it will increasing total amount of purchases.
I always get what I need, until now
slow reply from messages is a disappointment and very pushy with buying
No. Great service
N/A
None whatsoever, great trading tool
So far havent tested it.
Service and ability to sort out issues when they happen. Would like there to be an email address to customer support as the other options are insufficient. I have been buying on Alibaba for 15+ years and like it. Many of the Chinese sales people really need to learn some english as well.
I would recommend because
fast , secure
None
They have complete information on the product and supplier.Our money is safe using your payment platform.
It is a great tranquility that Trade Assurance gives security to the transactions therefore it ensures the investment of the buyers.
perfect
now you know you can trust the supplyer. even as the delivery is wrong you can get your monney back.
It gives some security for the order
Shipping costs.
It is very good service.
VERY GOOD
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance Service to protect both buyers and sellers' best interest.
Security with payment  before delivery of the order
I get solutions to all my shopping needs on alibaba
Supplier shipped the order CIF and tried to make profit on the shipping costs by making the local costs sky high. The local agent had to pay the agent in China to handle the cargo in the Netherlands.
Did not receive my order as promised.
it gives you a peace of mind as a customer and makes you feel more valuable
It is safe and instant mode of payment.
it's easy to use, and in my case the responses are quick
Great prices and excellent product choices
Excellent service , fast shipping
Takes a lot of time for refunds to get processed
Other suppliers do not secure
I can't distinguish a fraudster from a real supplier
always ontime delivery and good quality
I recomend alibaba, but not can buy small quantities, this is good for people can start a business
There is no one to contact with issues.
For a business owner its very easy to find something you need!
No reason at all.Only transport costs are very different, sometimes normal but sometimes very heavyWhy ?
easy and in time
Very responsive services and quickly following services
I actually dont understand what it is.. The website doesnt do much to explain it..
the team is professional and can quickly respond to your queries in time
I was sent exactly what I said I had no interest in instead of what i ordered
I bought goods that were sent by the dealer in private name, although I sent an email neither from you nor from the dealer received an answer
Because i just had a bad experience with one supplier and my situation doesn't seems to be important for them, i lost my money cause i thought I could trust in your assurance but is period FAKE, your supplier is not professional and I have Items I can't use now ? Tell me what should I do
very good wesite
dont know what it does
Because there is not full refund for orders, the time protection for orders is too low. Just right now I have 2 ordes from a supplier that is shown as delivered, but in fact is at the shipping agent and not even shipped.  The order numbers are 50270611001022508 and 50071675501022508
I am working towards starting my first ever business. Everything is new to me, and there is a LOT I do not know. With Alibaba, I felt like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulder when it came to sourcing products. I seriously appreciate how easy it is to connect to manufacturers and suppliers on a clean and streamlined interface like Alibaba. This saves me a ton of time. The website is also very professional and well formatted.I also think Jack Ma is a fucking genius. Huge respect to that guy.
If any product problem or issue with item then alibaba dont solve it. Alibaba always support chines seller but they dont care buyer help other country. Thank you
They are tested and trusted
Suppliers are not trusted and mostly they have false and misleading information
fast response in chat!
Very quick way to do business
Cancelled request without consideration when vendor requested return but then failed to accept.  Did not honour.  Complaint not handled (outstanding more than 1 month)... vendor offered credit, which we escalated for consideration of more credit - the escalation offered no credit (when vendor offered credit) - so worked out against us when vendor acknowledge issue.  Very poor followup and service.
the parts i purchaed for my tractor were spot on fit...works great! Part were shipped from China. Delivered to my door step...great price great service..I will buy from alibaba again
I love it
Recomiendo el servicio
Fast and reliable
it can secure my transaction conveniently
The buyer feel more comfortable and secure.
because i feel save buying products from china, i feel all the support from alibaba.
por la atención de los proveedores aveces se demoran en responder .
Dispute process was complicated and they didn't agree with my dispute.
I have experience several situation when if Trade Assurance was not used,I would have been a serious problem for my refund!
Its a good concept however the dispute service seems to favour suppliers a lot and i don't believe that is fair.
Too much cost on shipping
Very easy and secure.
Because it gives us the security we need as buyers.
:C
One item, my hand sanitizers, did not arrive, I was not refunded, nor was it shipped from where the FedEx label was printed. A California address. Agent assured me it was still to arrive, but it did not, so I missed my window to request a refund. I understand and respect our contract. I still will happily use this platform, just have to be more careful next time. Thank you
Very security
I have not needed it yet
it is too easy to trade with the supplier
Because I sleep well knowing that my money and my order is accurate
eeeeeeeeeeee
I would recommend it to someone looking to get a certain style of guitar that costs a lot of money in the US, if they were not so wealthy. You can get affordable aesthetically good looking guitars through Alibaba, however the playing quality from the factory is a bit lousy. Will have to take the guitar into a local shop here to get it set up to stay in tune better, and play stronger. Other than that, its surprisingly well made.
.
I approved the agent was very good in explaining the process.
suppliers for the most part are not serious
I would recommend trade assurance because it's Secured from hackers, fast transactions, and easy to use.
great market with good services.
Because, there is a lot of vendor so good and want to help us.
you stole my money in the arbitration!
love quality
I am satisfied. I wil recommend.
I still don't quite understand about this matter
Trust worthy
i recommend Trade Assurance Service becuase it let people buy without thinking they lose thiere money , and they will get a good product as described or as they order from suppliers , + it give power to this platform.
Because once there is a breach from the Chinese supplier, the judgement will be one sided
the parcel didn't arrive, got lost
It gives you the security you need in your purchases.
Will recommend as it is safe.
It is not user-friendly. needs improvement on the flow. I find it hard to locate what I want.
very trustworthy and reliable
Not sure.
Even when you can prove fraud, you don't do anything. Please fix you system and get people with bad intentions out of the market place.
poor resolution to issue with extremely poor communication. very poor command of english with a pandering attitude. did not resolve my issue at all. had to involve credit card company.
I have had good service from my vendors.
Steals money when buyer cancels order on transaction fees.
There are specific items that I look for which are available. Easy interaction with sellers.
For the guarantee on the purchase
Because, Alibaba always have security en every transaction and they always care about the customer
delay
It gives you peace of my mind.
GREAT SERVICE!
gOOD SERVICE
safety and on time
all you care about is getting your money and nothing else..your people have no knowledge of what they are really selling.they lie to you and don't tell you if they don't have product in stock before you buy and tell you after you buy they don't have in stock and don't give money back..they throw their products together with no care and don't know how to do proper set ups..
Shipping time
Everything is legit ! Just takes awhile
I will recommend because is safe and insure
It helps the customers
Purchase protection when buying a product
Because the most of the people i have delt with are very kind and understanding.
I have made thousands of dollars worth of purchases on alibaba. The one time i went to use trade assurance for a small fee it was ruled in the sellers favore even tho the seller gave me a product that was broken. I do not really trust trade assurance. It is more seller focused the buyer focused.
I think it's safe against scams
for safety
Alibaba.com only protects Chinese people and will not take any action against vendors who provide poor quality and defective products.  The Trade Assurance Service has no protection to the buyer at all.  After carefully explaining my issues with the defective product, the alibaba trade assurance ignored my days of analysis of the defects and sided with the seller to refund me no money.   In fact, I never even received the broken accessory parts that the seller said they would send me, and even lied about the tracking number.  Sellers who list their products on alibaba.com generally ship factory rejects and defects and will never accept customer returns since they know alibaba.com will always take the side of the Chinese seller versus an international buyer.  I would never recommend buying from alibaba.com.
Delivered as required
The system does not have a way for the provider to file a final invoice/receipt for a transaction that records the charges as a single transaction instead of the recorded money movements that Alibaba mediates, so they invoicing has to happen separately from the money movements. I would prefer to have it all in one place to document not just the money movements but the purchase itself as a single entity.Thanks you for allowing us to give feedback.MA
It works not stable
I don't know that much about it.
postage is so long ,
everything went 100% with my order and delevey
Great way for e-commerce businesses to connect with suppliers.
EXCELENT
excelent page for searching costmers for anything product
I would
Not used yet
K
security
Excellent communications. Fast delivery to UK mainland. Excellent quality product. Really pleased.
Its trust worthy. Very clear with their instructions.
n/A
i buy with trade asurance and not working...
Alibaba is good but there are some glitches that I'm experiencing, like:(1) I am managing 2 accounts in Alibaba, and every time I'm switching between accounts, my contacts from the first account gets mixed/blended with the contacts of the second account which can get confusing, good thing I have made my own excel sheet that lists all my contacts. It's just so inconvenient when this happens and I have to keep refreshing the page like 2 times every time..(2) The "Transactions" page is not accurate and doesn't include all of the transactions made. I would have to search for the name of a specific contact in order to view the product if it has been shipped or not. To be precise... "To be shipped" is incomplete, "To be receipt" is incomplete, and it should show all the products that have been ordered (a horizontal scrollbar would be nice), because it only shows 1 picture for every supplier.
-
Ordered unit received in good working order as per description.
Alibaba is a huge pool of business partners for international trade.  However, some of suppliers I have been experienced are not profession enough for international business.   Some of them are really good which are true trading partner that you want to work with for a long term partnership.   Would suggest Alibaba to take some time to filter out those "bad actor" (i just encountered one bad actor sent me "fuck off" in respond message which was shocking to me)  to ensure high professional act maintained  through Alibaba channel.  Thank you.
very easy and safe to use
Dispute and money back not grantee.
Recomendo. podem comprar.
very efficient
When I look at the transactions, I don't really see the role of Alibaba, unlike Amazon, which is involved in the deliveries.Alibaba leaves us at the mercy of the wind just waiting for someone to click on I received and for them, the problem is solved!
very organized and thorough! great service
no
I did not receive the product. It did not yet arrived in my country
The product was really good and was quick and easy to get.
Easy to find reliable company to trade with
expensive
This makes doing business with other companies around the world more efficient.
I have not used it yet
Easy communication
They are super thoughtful.
I placed an order with a balloon company, they sent me defective merchandise, they sent me merchandise that is not what I ordered and the trade assurance did nothing for me.  I had to waste almost $600 worth of items and I sent significant proof of the differences in what was on my order compared to what I received.  The assurance is a joke
My order was closed before I ever received the correct product as intended.
i will recommend because it is convenient platform to transact oversea ordering
top
it covers buyers adquately
Add an extra level of comfort
Great platform. Straight forward process and good line off communication with the seller.
Trade assurance didn't protect delivery time frame promised by supplier, also I received a fake product not the same advertised brand.
Its good service
You did now allow me as a Nigerian to be a seller
i was not protected from my purchase by alibaba, can go and fuck yourselves
Quick to use and piece of mind.
Trade assurance is a fundamental element on our orders. We always order products with Trade Assurance
ok
I would recommend trade assurance
Is not correct
Easy to communicate
very easy
The comunication with the supplier is very good, it helps you to get exactly what you want.
Having a guarentee that i will receieve what i ordered is essential for my business
Would not recommend due to inability to remove accidental order completion.
It help in many things, protected your money and other
aun falta mejorar las condiciones de negociacion para america latina y asia como lo hacen con eeuu.no deberia existir proveedores que no ofrezcan trade insurance, eliminar a los falsos proveedores y estafadores.
I would recommend trade assurance  because this is a good way to make orders more efficiente.
it is safe to trade through alibaba
We have bought some spray guns but could not be put to use.    Battery cannot be charged.   Can we seek redress please.
great to work with
I recommend it because it gives me security when buying. Excellent
IS VERY FLUENT EASY TO UNDESTAND AND CALCULATE
the communication of what i needed went very well. once i saw in person i was so happy and will order more
I heavily relay on Alibaba trade insurance but unfortunately after providing all the evidence to the Alibaba Trade Dispute Mediation Department they are not providing compensation on my order 41950511001026643. They are more towards in the favor of supplier and it's unfortunate that evidence does not matter much.I hope Alibaba complain team take action accordingly.
Trust, Full information on every step of order realisation,
All information are collected, best overview, easy to pay, good communication ...
i already have ordered tow products and now over 45 days still have not received yet
It's my business and will not give source of my suppliers
no
It is nice to know I will receive the products I order.
I would recommend Trade assuranceIt is an assurance for people  who can't come to China that their good will arrive with good quality.But only one thing is damage: the trade assurance is only for China supplier
RECOMMENDABLE
its good to know if there is financial issues therre is a backup if can not resolve with supplier
it is an excellent option
The service is professional and fast.
I would rather to buy with the trade assurance because is faster, esay and security
Website seems to load lazily and slow
Mostly AI based
fast shipping
Shipping has taken months and communication has been very poor.
D
No
Still depends on Supplier reliability and disputes are a nightmare.
You guys are great. Thank you
Great service and great quality products made
I recommend my manufacturer and my representative Shirley at Qingdao Haohao Hair Products Co.    Always coutious, excellent communication, great quality hair and fast shipping services.  Never a disappoint upon many personal orders and services.  Alibaba insurance on my products keeps me confidence I will receive my order(s) and rest assured.
security mainly
because its safe
The website is great there is a huge variety. But the trade insurance is not really worth anything from my past experience when I worked for other companies they never got a refund even if I saw for myself that this product is garbage and not what they ordered. Alibaba always used to say that we do not have enough proof that it is the sellers fault. It was not my money it was my boss and i was not looking to make my boss correct over Alibaba. So from an honest point of view the trade insurance is not worth anything.
It?s secure, allow tracking
Because it is promising
Alibaba are the best company for items that I can sell in my Country;
becouse i dont have problem.
why is the shipping so high.
good tracking, good time
Artemyst was vwry kind to help me
Easy to use good deals
You can know exactly what stage your product is in and how long it will take if there are no external inconveniences
It is sure
Service and price was good. I ordered all green and got assorted colors, the quality is quite good.When I asked about the colors, the rep stated that he had determined that the order was samples and sent assorted colors on purpose.Eh, what are ya gonna do right? The product arrived quick and the product performs as advertised, over al a good experience
the massenger not good app
nope
Because I have never used it or know how it works, I think that when I happen to use it, I would grade it.
Suppliers on Alibaba that I have purchased with them, they don't have consistency in maintain their inventory.
Gives a peace of mind when purchasing products from an unknown supplier.
Very good service, a lot secutrity, easy to use
safety for the customer
Not really necessary
There so many complications about the courrier.
Great service
it feels safer than purchasing with anything else
The Customer Service Representative (Barry) I've encountered to buy my first bulk order responded to me in a short and limited way. Sometimes none at all. He did not resolve any of my issues. The items are damaged, torn, broken, mis aligned glass frame, the gaps of the frame are too wide, some are faulty, some are burnt, some of it looks old and some looks new. Even the plastic covers looks like someone opened it before it came to us. Some of the plastic covers are torn. It has a poor packaging which causes the damages of the items. It looks like everything was forcibly squeezed inside the box. It took us days to check all the items. It's so sad that this is the first time I have ordered via Alibaba. My first experience is not so good. I have been trying to get in touch with the agent: Barry through Alibaba messenger but got little to no response at all.
I have payed 3000 dollar to Wayne electronics for 3D printers. After some mails they refused to have received the money. Even the Nordea Bank has confirmed to transfered the money. Would you please delete any announcements from Wayne electronics Obviously they cheated me!
Not applicable
With Trade Assurance, I have confidence to purchase from oversea suppliers.
easy
falta de dinero
I would likely share with my colleagues the great products and prices Alibaba has to offer.
Transactions have been very seamless and easy.  Great communication from the suppliers!
The whole process is confusing and sometimes sellers will pretend to to work out an issue until the Trade Assurance contract is past, then they stop responding to messages
There is not one person to talk  to  or give me answers or give me advice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! There  is just  nobody!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i showed all evidence of wrong product, i baught trade assurance for this order Order No.34450882501029274The outcome did not get refunded or nothing really i am not sure about trade assurance, as there is no assurance.
I would recommended Trade Assurance Service because it makes me more comfortable to make transaction in Alibaba.
Easy!
because I never received my package
Because people handling dispute does not want to hear us neither reply to our question but want to put there own terms
everything has been great so far, if you can find an alternative routing for express that is cheaper to AUS it would be much appreaciated... my postage cost more than my items
very good service and easy to pay
The only problem I have is with messenger. Sometimes I have to refresh the page to see new messages
Lack of experience using it
terrible support and you have people literally CHEATING me out of $ and you do NOTHING
I have not used Trade Assurance so I cannot comment on how reliable it is
Easy.
the only thing I would tell someone is the timeframe to receive product is a process due to shipping issues
OK
Need more clear detail on how it works.
I recommend the service, but I don't like all servicies.
I would recommend it because you feel more sure that you are making a serious transactuon
The assurance of your payment, that you know Alibaba protect you if anything goes wrong with your supplier, is really great. and really helps trusting supplier and send money to them
The first time I faced a problem with a supplier, I get 0 help from Alibaba, you guys didn't even contact me and stood by the seller's side. I lost money because of this.
Not get verified
Safe
Protection is important.
Trade assurance expired prior to product received. I also selected extend the shipping time but this did not work correctly.
The Alibaba Trade Assurance Service was of great help
No reason why.  If customer are really interested.
It is very convenient, especially the payments.
Chat speed is too slow
I get some good deals just wish shipping could be a little bit faster
I cannot recommend something without a lot of uses and I just have use it twice
Since I provided reasons, in other platforms, If you just dislike the product, you can have a total refund, here I payd such amount without prior advice, changes on the transport company unregulated by alibaba gave me trouble
I have received very good service
The company I dealt with had great communication.The website is easy to navigate and everything set out clearly.
ok, excelente servicio
During the dispute process that I have in progress, it is well known that Alibaba (or its staff) directs the same in favor of the seller, because despite:- Attach more than 1720 photos and videos, showing the poor quality of the products that the seller sent me.- Attach photos showing that the products are not the same as an original (I also attached photos of an original).- Attach the chat with the seller, where he asks verbatim about the forgeries he sent me.Alibaba finally sends me a message asking for a test report, that I prove that the products are counterfeit and of poor quality, and if not, they will directly close the dispute.That shows that Alibaba did not review anything !!!Alibaba's dispute process seems like a sham to me, a rude mockery of comparators
One of my orders came in severely damaged. I didn't get a refund and the supplier was extremly rude and nothing was done about it
Recommend because it protects one's investment interest
system is very easy to use
The prices and accessibility to the products is very good. The service is reliable.
My orders were supposed to be here within 15 days and I still do not have the jewelry.
It's good
hyjy
I haven't received my order and my refund request was denied.  Alibaba got my money but I got no product.  There has been  no refund and no offer to make the order right.
I do not know about the extra cost and no extra service
the shipping process is not always according to reality affecting the time that we as customers have to claim the supplier if the product fails. the payment process with credit card was never allowed by my 3 credit card from different banks.
Reliable
Excelente
I think it adds protection to my orders.
trade assurance is good with out it alibaba is down for me
it is good
SAFE
Very trustworthy and accountable
I've always had a great experience!
My first order arrives incomplete.
Honestly this website is such a win! You can find ANYTHING in a matter of seconds and it's such AMAZING quality, I definitely recommend!
Easy to use - many products at great prices
It was very useful for customs procedures
Trade assurance is faster then wiring transfer for me, and has been effective for the refund from an unsatisfied job.
the best seller I ever met
Good!
I order the in alibaba, i couldn't help the buyer to refund the good. even your customer service can't answer clearly my question. and it keeps me waiting. as in business industry TIME IS GOLD!!!!! i was disappointed over all with supplier and trade. it is first time happens to me.
Mi pedido fue perfecto, me lo entregaron con todas las especificaciones requeridas, no tuve ningún tipo de contratiempo con el pago no con el envío.
prices most prices are too high
Secure, safe and guarantee
Delay in receiving the product
You don't allow enough time to pass before you release funds.  My package made it to the states, but was not delivered to me and you had already released funds.  Everything was ok but you should allow additional time before releasing funds on trade assurance for inspection.  Our postal times are extremely hampered right now in the USA
Long Cycle
I would like to have more certainty on the days to have my merchandise.
Good products
Jacky Tang was knowledgeable about the products and was very helpful in our messaging during our first encounter.  I placed a sample order and the shipment was prompt and the product was received was what we discussed.  Very professional and good service.  Trade Assurance Service was easy to use and the freight cost payment was easily done via the Alibaba portal online via a credit card.
it provides safety in buying
I love this Trade Assurance Service! I wish I would have found this service sooner. Excellent Vendors and wholesale experience.
I had only one concern. Missing items, which the company admitted that it was their error and they would compensate on the next order.
so far so good
Works fine for me. Thank you
As a beginner with new relationships, this makes it better to find new vendors and suppliers.
I had a bad experience with one of your suppliers
I would recommend it over the alternative, but it seems like the process could be better.
yes
improving the time
Not comments
I had a very good service. I would suggest that you send us a copy of invoice after paying because it is needed for customs clearance.
I always tell my associates to seek business that will produce samples and are willing to adjust to your specific needs before production runs. Most understand.
Safe and secure
Everything was ok.
ok
confusing process when i did have a problem
They did what they said they would do.
Amazing customer service
Very slow service and communication
I never received anything
Buying outside of our country is a potential financial risk.With Alibaba assurance, we are sure not to lose money if there is any problem with the delivery.
Excellent!!! Supplier, fast shipment, great communication, happy to do business with, will do business again, Highly recommend it...FCA
I'd recommend for ease of you. Not recommend because some vendors take too long to respond after starting a conversation with them.
I use Alibaba for some years now, always everything ok, I then had trouble with an order that was sent with different origin and did not arrive and Alibaba helped the vendor sent it again with China origin and it arrived perfectly.
Long delivery time
Mainly the parts (goods) what is only at Alibaba offers. Transport to Europe is expensive... The customs office for companies trade is easy.
its safe to do transaction
It's good insurance for the business knowing that your funds are hedged against fraud, and discrepancies.
we have not received enough support on a case matter and there seems to be a reference code that we know nothing of that the team need to match up the evidence even though we have submitted everything through the dispute page . It seems that the trade assurance team will always side with the seller even when they send damaged goods that are not packed well enough to send from China to UK
Replies to slow
NO
very happy
I place some orders and I did receive the products.
Provides trust
I have made a complaint regarding my first order and tried working out the situation caused by negligence of the supplier. The product has the same issue and is a known issue in the USA, but the supplier denies that the problem exists, even with video and audio of the issue. It has major noise , intergerence, dropouts, and does not turn off as required upon powering down the transmitter. Not one unit is operational on the left side of the dual mic unit and the trade assurance has not followed up. They also do not have an immediate link or respone to intervene if necessary. I have several unhappy customers and simply want the issue corrected and or a refund.
N/A
you always give reason to sender even if they are completely in fault
The time when the supplier confirmed delivery until the order is closed is too short. Dongguan Ganggu Hardware stated that the goods have been delivered and we still did not receive them, but the order is closed!
shipping costs are too high for batteries
It's easy to find the good factory. but some sellers are put wrong price. We need to ask all the factory.
very clearly
N/A
its safety , good sevice
Take extra money, no any answer for questions
Ease of transference
Alibaba's service is very efficient and clear. It has been a delight to create business opportunities and contribute with Chinese manufacturers and trading companies etc. I'm am very satysfied! Thank you Ali Baba!
Tttttfcc. For
I was sent damaged product and the dispute mediation was absolutely disgraceful. Alibaba sided and supported somebody who did the wrong thing.1, Alibaba was wrong in what they said. They can make up whatever they want....but my evidence shows clearly without a doubt I was in the right.2. Alibaba was just plainly making stuff up to side with the supplier of damaged goods.3. Whoever made the decision has absolutley NO understanding of retail sales.The insinuation is I am a liar.Yet I am punished for receiving damaged goods.Just deplorable ethics.
.
i highly recommend Trade Assurance Service because it makes transaction secure for both buyer and seller, avoid scammers
I am being refused what I paid for from a manufacturer. I even offered to take less product then what was paid for and they are ignoring me
Hicieron el seguimiento de mis productos hasta llegar al destino.
A seller scammed me, I send a product that does not pass the registration for documents that do not match the products.
good
I never received my product and
A bit complicated to communicate with Chinese manufacturer and there understanding if English. They need to hire professional English speaking people if they want to work with the Globe.
it is very convenient.
Trust
expensive
The help when issues arise is nonexistent.  There are still issues with product quality and with suppliers trying to skim quantities off the top of merchandise.
is very satisfied
I would recommend Trade Assurance always for safety of both parties.
I would recommend because of the quick responses and kindness of all.
For peace of mind
I haven't received any bad customer service or long wait times yet
Sellers are not held accountable for false advertisement, Also after having received the agreed  payment is very common they like trick buyers and change the price requesting more.
Safe, quick
the trade charges are very high for somw holders please reconsider for the processing fees rate
ok
alibaba owes me a $200 credit  for my trade assurance 4387949100102734. the product was defective and i can't sell it but i was given a very little refund and i still have not received my $200 credit from alibaba
order took long time for delivery
Feeling of confidence in the transaction
..
I am finding that what suppliers say they have in stock and that they can ship immediately not always truthful. So, I having to spend more time contacting businesses as to what and when they can supply, because you can not rely on the accuracy of their page.
The fees are very high and you cancelled the cheapest way for us to pay VIA bank transfer.
its secure and easy to track shipment
hard to understand some times, suppliers are nice people they help
good service
It ensures orders will be produced accurately and if not we
Yes I recommend trade assurances
slow process
0
seller sends fake items
mas seguro
Language differences. One needs to be careful.
it greatly enhances trade confidence
Seller sent wrong part, wants me to pay for shipping, please give me return label
I felt a peace of mind with the Trade Assurance guarantee.
is very sure as a buyer
very easy and safe
easly to get goods.
I just had a negative experience with a Alibaba supplier
Everything is very good!
It is very easy to use
I have grown my business tremendously through Alibaba.com
Because you release the funds to the seller before you confirm that the shipment ever came or if it was even shipped as described.
Reliability
Alibaba Assurance takes a lot long time. And I am in doubt whether it will force the seller to refund full if there is an issue on the product. If it is partial, the buyer got partial refund and the product is also lost. It will be total disaster for the buyer. But I did not experience that in total. But I did apply for recent refund. And the buyer refund partially and Alibaba refund the rest. I got my full amount, I am happy. But it is a small amount. But I am in doubt what would happen if this is more costly than this.
works good
great platform
It works
I've ordered battries on alibaba, but before they were even delivered the trade assurance period ended
I would recommend this site for the convenience of finding a wholesaler. Especially if the new business owner is new to e-commerce, Alibaba makes the site and tools very easy to use.
I can't say much on this. I only had ordered once in Alibaba. Supplier has a 9 days to fulfill my order. The products was release from them on the 6th day, and it arrived to me a week after. I just wait patiently since it was already release, it didn't arrived on time. Thus some of my customers already declined to get it.
lleno mis expectativas!
there are some briliant bargains on alibaba that are absoluteley no where else.
you stole from me 3750 $us, you only support your sellers ,  only chinese people,  I will never recommend Alibaba to anyone.....there's no trade assurance ,
having a hard time hearing back on orders I would like to place.  Great with getting my samples, but now I would like to place the order and haven't been able to.
very slowly
I would recommend because it give you peace of mind
this is a great servicethanks again
We would recommend Cherry and love working with her
I would definitely recommend Trade Assurance Services because you're order is secure so it give you a piece of security.
BED SERVICE I PAID MY ORDER LAST MONTH STILL DIDNT RECIVE MY PRODUCT
Suppliers wont respond back ...
Very good products, very fair prices and good shipping time.
VERY SAFE
theres everything you need in one place you just have to be willing to search
Because when I used it never responded to me. Somehow it gives you gurantee of best practices what when we needed to use the service because the supplier delivered the merchandise with deffects, you guys closed the case discretionally and gave the reason to the supplier. We had been using the supplier for years at that point with no quality issue through Alibaba except for that 2 last orders. We provided evidence but Alibaba closed the case withour letting us defend. We agreed even on the inspection service but case was closed discretionally by Alibaba.
Good Feedback
Seller showed poor customer service and failure to ship contracted for product.
great customer service
trade assurance ONLY sides with the sellers.  even with all the proof (as myself has) is provided, they ONLY SIDE WITH THE SELLERS!! ITS A SCAM..ITS A SENSE OF FALSE SECURITY FOR WHAT TRADE ASSURANCE DOES!!! I AM THE PERFECT EXAMPLE!! FUCKING LIARS, CHEATS AND ASSHOLES!
I have been purchasing from Alibaba for many years now and have not had any problems.
All is ok
I like the fact that they send updates and are on top of the deal.
It is safe and reliable
I would recommend: It is quick safe and reliable. Removes risk of dealing with new sellers and offers competitive fees
every time that I want to pay somethign hiere, the bank loock my account
Excelent service
When I needed it, the resolution or help was not the spected
It is a good program
I would recommend it for its current offering although, I would be more willing to recommend the trade assurance service if there was much more buyer safety and assurance from a buying and shipping point of view.Remember this is not a unique service unless you offer a buyer a piece of mind with his purchase until the moment that he/ she has received the item.
easy to use
I opened a serious dispute weeks ago, provided all of the evidence to back it up, including video (the supplier did not respond to the request for evidence contesting my claim for a refund), and I have not heard back from Alibaba since it was escalated a month ago. PLEASE HELP ME! I spent $18,000 on products that I cannot use!
Thera are some companies that had terribel stuff, last year I did one order and the stuff had very bad quality
I wuld recommend it because they are very efficient.
easy to use and the businesses are a great help to us.
The only issue I have is 99% of the sellers want of alibaba contact and fail to answer the specified questions.  They all dear friend and B/s that has nothing to do with the product information asked about
It is to protect both parties, I would highly recommend.  The one time I did a transaction without Trade Assurance, the seller immediately stopped all communication once the product shipped and when misplaced by UPS the seller was uninterested in helping to locate the products.
Has made buying from China less stressful
good delivery but for this country slow, very slow freight time
Good service
./.
it provides tools to make a safer deal.
Most of vendors have an issue with shipping out the products.  Some cases, we have to wait more than two months.  They need some kind of penalty system where they will lose 5% or 10% if they don't meet the delivery date.
We get charged a different amount than what you say is charged. We never receive a correct total. The price listed is not the same as the price charged.
Not Aplicable ....................................................
great service and communication
i placed a large order of balloons.  the seller didn't put the full address on the delivery so the balloons were returned to sender.  the seller was able to contact the shipping company and most of the order was resent and received.  One box was not resent and i have the tracking number showing its return to sender. When i put in a protest it does nothing.  it's a small amount of the total but Trade Assurance is proven to have to worth.
very easy to work with and the communication is great with the vendors.
Expensive Fees
Fast shipment og fair price
The answer to costumer complains are completely hilarious, when the seller tells that costumer receive the parts in 14 days and after all he receive it in 3 months
First try
A good tool
WHEN THERE IS A PROBLEM. TRADE ASSURANCE DOESN'T WORK. THERE IS COMPLETE INDIFFERENCE ON BEHALF OF ALIBABA IN SOLVING PROBLEMS TO CUSTOMER SATISFACTION.
This radar detector not work as I order 10 items G820 STR.Not updated gps data also. bad communication. not understand me seller.earn more service is less.
In my last transaction, I was affected by an extra charge product of the shipping method chosen by t he seller, very bad, increase mi spend by 40%, bad bussines.
Poor service. Inadequate. Bias towards sellers.
very good servic
It is a safe system and it gives me the peace of mind that I have a company that supports my purchase so that it reaches its destination
recomendaria todo en general es muy buen servico
Trust
price and shipping
great customer service shipping takes too long.
i find the ALI website interesting ... in the last year i ordred for very much money over ALI or Aliexpressi would prefer if the company consultants would know more about their own products..but some are excellent!
quick response
Buen swervicio.
refund policies are too strict
because i dont want to have competitor to learn where i get my stocks from
i will recommend to anyone
I would recommend trade assurance service because its safety for the buyer as well as seller
i have had to use trade assurance at least 3 times because of unsatisfactory quality and manufacturers lying and not keeping their word. i always had proof of their promises and trade assurance still sided with the seller. iam never confident in using trade assurance due to those experiences and would not recommend to others. the only assurance i have is paying through credit card.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service, the issue is that the timeframe covered is so short that in no way package will arrive at me between the timeframe itself, had 3 orders since now and no ones arrived during the trade assurance service period...
there servis is very good
n/a
confidence is important for business. Assurance service is confidence
I feel protected
It's a falsely advertised. The customer service does not care about the buyer. They allow the seller to breach contract, ignore deadlines for submitting evidence and delay shipment dates. If I go over the deadline by one day they attempt to close the case. However the merchant is allowed to do this continually without censure. The Ali Baba Trade Assurance did not help me at all,. It did not even attempt to communicate with me. I submitted plenty of evidence that the merchant did not live up to their contract. Was I compensated even a partial refund? No.I spent thousands of dollars on misprinted and badly printed cards which were clearly bad printing jobs. This merchant misrepresents themselves and their service and yet Ali Baba perpetuates the fraud with allowing them a gold star seller status.
Makes you feel secure about doing your transactions through Alibaba.
i will recomend!
most times if you click on a item then the item keeo coming up again and again
the supplier we started work is making mistakes every order. Now we have an order and  it really in delay. that is causing me a big problem in my job with the workshop I work here in Spain. I need for help
The site is good, but sellers do not follow the rules
Connie = best counciler for your business
There are other possibilities to find suppliers. The only reason to use Alibaba is your Trade Assurance policies -- but they do not work.
good level of security esspecially for new mebers
Great service, easy to understand
The shipping company which they are trade insurance, the promised me with a price and when i sent my products to them, they change the price and the reason behind that is that"my boss doesn't agree" and if i want to get my product back they said you have to pay for storage and oporiton fees, this is not my mistake if I trusted they promised based in trade insurance. I want my product back without paying anything. Please solve this issue.
Very happy with the range and the service .
Provides buyer protection for small business that is committing capital to first time business with supplier.
because is plattaform security to buy
Trade Assurance is the safest way of doing business. All the supplier are professional and very helpful.
it was a very easy process
the supplier are not shpping the material on time
The Alibaba service is mature and the supplier I have dealt with (Kingbrite) was very professional. The Trade Assurance Service does offer some peace of mind in reducing risk. I personally believe that Alibaba is still underrated by the Australian marketplace at this time, and see an opportunity to promote the supply chain to other businesses as a strong, highly efficient alternative.
there is no "proof of payment" print option available, as a company a receipt of payment is required for good business practice
Not sure yet, just started, but good so far
the lack of commitment of some of its factoriesThey leave much to be desired and it is not pleasant to work with them in fact the product can be very good but it is tarnished by the fact that they are not responsible for the mistakes they make and personally I had to pay too much
I still don't know much about it and haven't used it much.
Best sellers. Excellent platform
Trade Assurance is to assure fair trade practice
ok
wide range of products and assured of proper delivery of goods
Still a little new to Alibaba and Trade Assurance but so far all is well
I am very comfortable working thru Alibaba with the trade assurance. It gives me confidence that I will get the product I ordered.
Is a big platform to make business.
4
I would strongly recommend due to the fact that it helps you save your money in case something wrong happened.
VERY GOOD SERVICE
I would recommend it for its effectiveness and seriousness
yes i would recomend trade asurance because its safe
I Ordered and made an initial payment during the September sale period for a telescope from Ningbo Henglan Optics Instruments Co Ltd for US$168. I sought a delivery fee for DD. The next message I received was for a bill for US$515 including an increase in the telescope cost to US$235.In my country, legal action could be taken against this company for deceptive practices.This is not the first time Chinese companies have failed to deliver paid items.
convenient and easy to use
Great service and product and good delivery time frame
very reliable
1. Search functions to narrow down search is not useful. 2. Greater clarity needed to identify verified sellers3. Need to make it easier for buyers to find sellers that can customise products4. Seller's product descriptions need to organised logically5. price and minimum orders should be accurate
its safe and simple
easy to buy
I have ordered a variety of items from this company & they have provided the goods.
great price but I hope that the shipping should be reduced.
POR LA SEGURIDAD DE RECIBIR LOS PRODUCTOS
Jus do not ever unfreeze any amount untill we receive the good, otherwise you are useless!
The service is good, and there are the products I am looking for concentrated
i have been sold defective product on serval occasions ad even though i use trade assurance on my purchases, Alibaba has not responded to my complaints
I open a case it just gets closed without refund even though the box didn't arrive and i'm out money.  There's no point in using Alibaba to make payment if there is no protection.
The product that i got was nothing but garbage it is not what was shown in the product what they was showing, i am a seller of products and i would never send those things to my customers . I never ordered no sample i ordered 3 items and the seller put them as samples so that i cannot get back my money i cried when i see them in disbelief. I am going to show them on facebook and on social media platform so that everyone can see.
Haven't experienced any negative experiences.
Safer
I dont know I dont speak english
I have the pleasure to work with amazing suppliers
I had issues with one supplier where they were 2 months past when I was meant to get the order and when I spoke to service first I was told they needed to complete the order immediately which is what I wanted but there was no action but I let the supplier know. the supplier did not agree to complete the order and when I spoke to service again I was finally given a refund. I had hope from the first conversation with service they would hold the client accountable to complete the order. Other than this instance I have had success and no issues with the Trade Assurance service.
I would recommend - I feel secure in my business with trade assurance
Good service
Easy and cheap
Very safe and reliable.
doesn't ensure receipt
A large shipment never reached us, through no fault of our own. We received no refund. Nor did we receive any communication from the supplier or Alibaba after submitting formal complaints,
Secure fast and easey
Very helpful and prevented manufacturer making a mistake profitable
cuesta entender un poco la app
Every Business should have trade assurance if they wont to operate on this site.
Peace of mind
The trade
Have problems with supplier
room for improvement more transparent
I got my order and opened dispute for many reasons, sellers dont agree with it, i have por products which dont work and i cant get any refund. How is that even possible, that someone isnt checking client dispute messages from Alibaba?
Offers buyers good protection
No comments.
Very good service. Good prices. Very large choice.
the trade assurance service is realy good.
I would recommend them anytime since it was my first experience and their employee made suggestions on variations of my request and made it easy to understand on how to place an order. I am comparing to other companies i have been dealing with and i am very satisfied with this service . Fast delivery too. Thanks to Charlin . Appreciate the help..
Some issues are related to language barriers
security
Invoices are difficult to obtain for accounting purposes. I believe the supplier is not allowed to have direct email contact with client. This is so Alibaba can keep track of their commissions and stop direct supplier/client transactions.
It connects you directly to what you need.
The message about unfrozing of payment came AFTER it happend, no warnings before. The fake seller has set a wrong tracking number of another order wich is already delivered in another country. Thats why Alibaba has set the money free for the seller. It seams like, i have lost over 2000 dollar
I would recommend trade assurance because of the security it provides in transactions
NA
The repeated back and forth between seller and buyer is unhelpful, after 3 turns of the seller/buyer trying to negotiate. The trade assurance team should step in to review the case.
fast service and very secure.
Not useful to get issues solved
Man you can't find anywhere else in the world having such huge amount of vendors as in China...
Reduces the fear of prepayment
I recommend you because you give us opportunity to create and work together.
works well for us
my shopping with Alibaba is worst experience I didn't feel money is secured seller are free to cheat buyers
N/A
Easy communication and transaction
Easy to use
Alibaba is perfect for bussiness, Very fast in response and reliable
I don't really undestand the process and benefits of Trade assurance. All I know is that I pay more and sometimes sellers/alibaba close trade insurance before I have inspected.I bought an electric wheelchair some months ago, I didn;t confirm because ewc was broken. I had to pay another USD160 for parts because trade insurance finished. I cannot sell product because I am not sure if it is reliable now. I wasted USD1150 approx.If Trade Insurance is for business then I should feel like Alibaba provides me the service first, not seller. The trade assurance system needs to be looked at more closely to improve customer confidence. I am also a regular user of alibaba as my stats will reflect.
Es muy recomendado, ya que garantiza una compra confiable. Estoy muy contento con Alibaba.
Because it can help you to be sure to buy
I provided ample proof of a problem with the order I received from a supplier but I did not win my dispute.
I have had mostly really grreat experiences using Alibaba
I find all my orders eventually turn up because of the security of Trade Assurance. Helps limit fraud and cheats in industries that people are trying to honest in and is there job. Very Happy
because they are safe
It's nice to be sure. But i think it is more expensive for the seller?
Auto receipt of goods is stupid. Let the buyer receipt the goods rather than having to dispute an order. So dumb.
.
The Trade assurance didn't do anything to the supplier who bridged our contract and supplied me something inferior and incomplete from our agreement. it was foot dragging in implementing the assurance. till now, it didn't condemn the ill action of supplier after all evidence, presented and the said investigation, all that was sent to me was 135USD without any remorse, meanwhile i spent over 700USD to import a machine that is useless and inferior.
My order follow up was perfect. Thank you!
Easy to use and reliable.
Workers are very respectful and patient when I have many questions.
Easy to deal with and the latest technology.
The services and ppl are always polite
payment flexibility
My item has not arrived!
Is safe to pay
easy web site to use and get responses very quickly
.
Seller informed that it takes 30 days to deliver the goods, package has not been received after 30 days and it is shown as "in transit", but Alibaba marks it automatically as "delivered" after 30 days. The delivery time can only be extended one time, even though the buyer has not received the package. This practice is detrimental to both the seller and the buyer.
c'est important d'avoir l'assurance au cas ou il y'a un malentendu avec le fournisseur ou les produits ne sont pas conformes ...
There is a lot of products
Seller irresponsible
Becaue i can see mny products and products
It was fast, organized, etc.
I will recommend because of the service quality
Very convenient
Safe transaction
When you do a dispute the handeler dosent listen at your arguments.It's like they always rule in favour to the supplier even if the supplyer dosent present any evidence at all.And also when presenting evidence if I miss a 1-3 day deadline because if holiday they remove the dispute, but if the seller does that they get a secound and third chance to upload evidence.So honestly I think the handeling of disputes is super unproffesional!
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is a Liability that if you do not get you item or it doesn't come on time, you will be refunded. its a safe mechanism incase something goes wrong. it also assures you get great service.
Reliable, trackable.
Ease and safety in every transaction
Simply reliable
Good experience
safety
In my opinion the platform Alibaba its great , and what makes me more confident is the trade assurance specially for the first time buyer.
easy to shophowever not all suppliers list the correct prices
I would recommnd it..but it has to last more as buyer protection.
Seems to be a secure way to do trade.
alibaba is great to look for  new products, suppliers factories, but some of them do not provide a  reliable information, such as a trader can claim themselves a manufacturer which sometime real buyer just want to deal directly with factory without third party. Also, it is also disadvantage as price always shown because some importers would hide the price to their end customers, so by showing the price for each product, we can't really sell the products properly to the end customers, as they can double check it using alibaba.
I would, because there is a long distance between the maker and the buyer. A lot can go wrong. With trade assurance you have a better position if somthing is not at your expectation
i have not received an update on the things I have purchased. Also, nothing has been shipped yet. It feels like I am dealing with fake people.
The feeling of having Alibaba backing both the Supplier and the customer as a neutral third party entity makes business easier and reassuring.
very good service..fast shipping
Refusal of insurance even when the goods are not delivered
Until I understood how orders are controlled. Now I have problems with the order and I do not know who can help me
Usually Japanese can't use English especially for the business.
We received an incomplete order before and the supplier was able to complete transaction by placing the shipping to US and the fund released to them and the trade assurance was no help at all even though we lodge several complaints and we lost almost a thousand dollars.
;kzxhcjkzdf  mzfnms fad
Trade Assurance is important and should be offered to all buyers - But should only be offered to select long service sellers.
Recommend it because it gives you peace of mind that you will not be cheated.
No
Excellant follow up on issues never a problem getting things sorted
Would recommend for protection and more transparent process.
nice and sweet transaction
Unfortunately, one is happy about the good prices they offer in their advertisements, but everything is a lie when wanting to quote, the client should not be deceived, it gives the business a bad name, which is why it is preferred to bring from another country.In addition, the prices are no longer competitive as before, being at the same price, many prefer to bring from a country with better technology.
I would only recommend Trade Assurance Services via Alibaba for me it is security.
Dispute takes very very long if seller is not helpful
Overall I have been really happy with the service itself. I like Alipay.
buen servicio
Improves buying/selling confidence
No Comment
Seller screwed up with paper work, and dispute was just closed with no explanation. Would not purchase from Alibaba again.
Trade Assurance Service is assure our goods on quality and delivery
its helpefull for buyers and give them more confidence
easy and safe
It is safe  and easy to order due to the Trade Assurance Service
I would not because after a lenghty process with a supplier who delivered my goods late, i was only returned half my money, i felt like my best interest was not important and i ended up having to except the order when it was no longer needed as i had paid money to replace all of the gowns!!!
Short duration of Trade Assurance, it finishes before receiving product in customer country. Not good for Online purchases.
I am satisfied with the whole service
Service has been pretty fluid thus far.
Great communication, and very helpful. Beautiful product.
very secure
Could not add promotional coupon code to order
I am not happy with the miscommunications with the seller.
As a seller you make sending quotes a pain. It may work for some businesses but mine is more simple. You need a more simple way to send a quote and you charge too much for memberships.
My order did not arrive and my assurance was not extended.  It should be like Ali Express where I need to confirm order is received or assurance is automatically extended
depende del producto del vendedor
Easy to find most products in one place.
It's been great.  Sending money to China in small amounts is difficult, and Trade Assurance makes it easy.
I do recommend it.
I will because its safer
OK MOLTO SODDISFATTO
idk
I feel cheated on by the supplier
I ordered autoclave and its brocken and Alibaba released trader without asking me and I did not get any satisfied answer from seller for last few days and she is reading my messages on her watsapp number but not responding at all. Very unprofessional service.
Products arrived on time and customer service is great!
I felt protected funds-wise dealing with a company the first time
I had a indpendent predelivery ispection done by a company called QIMA who failed the reportv due to too many scratched and dented bottles in the batch tested. I asked for a refund but Alibaba declined and made a decision on the wrong reason. This is very unprofessional and this not why we went through alibaba, there is supposed to be trade assurance. I will be reporting this to the UK press as I think UK companies need to know not to deal through alibaba as the Trade assurance is a lie. The Uk press should know about these things as Alibab is giving people false promises.
I buy items for the company and the transactions page fails to allow me to easily print out a transaction receipt that is formatted properly. Also the order totals are misleading because I do many of my transactions with a credit card. The order total will not include the transaction fee and it seem very deceptive that it doesn't. I typically have to print out the transaction details and then hand write the the addition of the fee to get the actual total. I need to be able to print out easily a properly formatted transaction receipt that shows the date, Seller information, items, prices, quantities, shipping fees, transaction fees, cumulative total (that matches bank statement), information on payment used (credit card type and last 4 numbers of the card).
Makes me feel more secure when buying through Alibaba
it's safe
Everything
It was easy to deal with everything but the cost of shipment is high.
pretty good!
No
Would always recommend Trade Assurance Would love to see Alibaba share template contracts to create partnership agreements with the approved suppliers - standardization of documentation (or just filling some things out before submitting order) would be great way to assure the trades as well
So far the dealings I have had have been great. Good service and the products have been of good quality
Highly Recommended
ok
Trade Assurance Service? I would recommend it because it gives you the security of your product.
helped me out
It is the best place to source any item
yes it is good
Everything works well
The transaction from money and delivery from product working very, very quickly and sure.
great service
BEST ON LINE MARKET
So far all my orders have been very easy to place.  The companies that I have traded with are very professional and communicate well.  Orders have shipped and arrived in a timely manner.  Products are very high quality.
Trade assurance is a joke. The contracts mean NOTHING if suppliers are not responsible for the quality of their products. I've had two disputes, and in both disputes, trade assurance did not hold the supplier accountable in spite of evidence of false claims made and inaccurate information. I have no confidence in Trade Assurance. Dissatisfaction is not taken seriously. The suppliers are not required to deliver quality.
x
/
Suppliers could be a bit more responsive. Sometimes, products are cheaper on Aliexpress which is rather a retail platform when compared to Alibaba which is supposed to help B2B channels
I opened a dispute where the seller was at fault, they sent me a faulty item, and I was not offered any assistance.Alibaba sided with the seller.I prefer platforms such as Paypal for payment.
easy, fast and simple
Because it's easy, efficient and always delivers
do not fulfill their obligations
Its a long procedure and quit possible it will not work as per expectation, because once I filed a complaint for refund. Alibaba.com given me a time frame of a weak to resolve with supplier. I contacted the supplier but they did not take serious and no action.I assumed from this situation that if this is working properly then supplier should take it serious. My 93 days already wasted, I did not want to waste my furthermore more time by referring the complaint to alibaba.com.
Because when there is dispute that is obviously the supplier's fault, Alibaba tend to take supplier sides.
all the items I bought are not similar to the quality described and the picture
Incharge experience, knowledge are well.Very fast delivery.Excellent materials.
so far so good........................................................         . . . . . .................................................. . . . . . .     ................................................................................  . . . . . .
for the goods I order, it very often happens that the image does not correspond to the real product.
Communication with sellers can be very long, they do not answer for several days!Every order is delivered incomplete!Receipt of the order in the system is recorded by the order entering the customs! But in reality, I received the order in a week
The help service chatbot is not very useful. Does not solve my problem
good products
Trade Assurance order number 46502703001024088 Product received on Sept. 23, 2020. (sea mail)Ordered Six (6) sets of molds - should be a pair of hard & soft mold for production purposes.However, just received 1unit of hard mold & 7 units of soft mold.Manufacturer and supplier refused to provide missing items.EP NorthEmail:  jasonyeung99@hotmail.comMobile:  1.647.539.7180
its supposed to save you and keep you feeling safe and assured that you would be getting your parcel. my parcel was sent to an unknown address and no one will help me, tell me where it is or refund me,... even tho the supplier agreed to and i have a screen shot of our convo\
suppliers don't put real prices, when ordering they don't approve the order
I recomend it because it's the best way to buy without any problem
.
save
Sellers are not honest. When I push them for questioning about shipping cost and they are misleading with prices.
I would recommend because i have never been disappointed.
They called me to make sure I received my product. Thank you!
The use is simple and fast
i feel safe shopping here
Highly recommended. the product is good, seller is very accomodating and responsive. I will definitely order again.
he recibido un producto de muy mala calidad y mi proveedor no responde a nada.MAndaron el producto a una ciudad distinta y luego el producto no servia para nda.
Have used this service a couple of times and no complaints in this regard.
the service is excellent
good
Easy. Quick. Can use my credit card.
Very messy and confusing system, including the app.
great
good service
good service
buy insurance
best prices!
son muy atentos
They sent me 25 damaged i12 headphones, which do not work and I cannot sell them.
Pease of mind.
i feel protected to a degree.
Because of the great deals and people.
I think it's great
It is safe.
Too difficult to resolve issues with suppliers.
I recommend it for its speed and guarantee for the delivery of products and reimbursement.
I'm glad it was so easy.
Not applicable.
I have not used the trade assurance service.
Can not think of a reason of why I wouldn't recommend. But I would recommend Trade assurance because it gives you a assurance when purchasing products.
Trade Assurance gives you a feeling of trust, confidence and piece of mind with transactions.
Great quality items and they are shipped and received in a timely manner.
Because of the restriction in my country Nigeria; I can't pay more than 100dollars with my card
Trade assurance is safe and reassures the buyer that he/she cannot be defrauded by dubious sellers
we are very satisfied of Trade Assurance service
When I want to cancel an order I ave to provide a phone number and your system does not accept my country's number
I'm satisfied to following this site.
Not related, but the Alibaba transfer fee its too high
i ordered a larghe amount of oils 3 months ago. still havnt recieved them. i have been given tracking information yet no confirmation on the company recieving my items.
Very efficient... Love all products I've ordered!
The purchase process is Fast and easy.
I'm not sure about the trade assurance service.
Had to dispute an order that the shipper sent to an address NOT indicated on the Trade Assurance Contract and did not receive help in a timely manner at all.
I have not used it, but alibaba.com I see it reliable
I could not communicate with the seller and I could not track my order
I ordered two LED lights which were not delivered as ordered and the Trade Assurance said I was at fault because I didn't have any correspondence with the seller about what I had ordered despite the fact that I didn't receive what I ordered.
hkj;k;hkjl
Feels like a confident way to work with manufacturers. Most of my experiences have been very posiitve.
Be sure to get product as specify on alibaba site
Protection
It is very easy and keeps track of orders well.
Item has been shipped after 2 months and seller was sold item 5time more expensive that other sellers
It is a good platform to establish contact and make business with suppliers. With a some time It is possible to get important information and It is possible to get oportunities.
Reliable and timely feedback when information is requested
Its perfect
To guarantee the first PO
muy bien
I like that I'm covered incase of mfg problems
good
I have not received product, nor have I received update on when delivery is expected. This was a lot of money for what?
It is working and thats enough.
offers additional confidence when dealing with international trade
Should a dispute be raised over quality issues, the buyer seems to have no adequate help from Alibaba Trade Assurance.  Trade assurance seems only valid for when items are not delivered.
Trade assurance needs to be more widely add services like damage on goods on both sides and stuff.
The seller can do what he wants with the client goods. My goods are still at the shipping company and I can't do anything to have my products. Only the seller can do that and He doesn't want, because he already got his money.
i would, but to be carful from scammers
The trade assurance is not worth taking out, as you do not cover the goods, when they arrived damaged. you just try and offer 10% of the value paid, Thats after waiting for months for any sort of response. Very poor service. I would not recommend anyone buying anything from ALIBABA.
I had a bad experience with a not very honest supplier - I have done a lot of business here on Alibaba - but this supplier was the worst and your service department did not help me as a client in a very satisfying way. I have written about this earlier so pls. check previous correspondence.
One of the most important things we need in Business to Business transactions or Customer to Business transactions is trust.  I have been hearing some bad experiences with our FIlipino-Chinese Community here about the risk in using alibaba, due to fraudulent actions by some of your "Verified" suppliers. I am blessed that in all of my transactions in alibaba, all of them are true, Mainly because most of the suppliers i buy from, i have met in Bauma , or Canton Fair. Hoping that this trade assurance will guarantee and protecting buyers from fraud is a good thing.
w
I would recommend, for sure!
recently raised a dispute which was not handled properly, the agent didnt read the contents of my dispute properly and prematurely made a decision
The defective product has been delivered. After all, another part was sent, and one month passed even though it was not curedI can no longer guarantee it. I am disappointed with the ridiculous response. I'm afraid I'll meet another scam next time.
Some traders are good some not!
your sellers are adverting one price and after we put the order they change the price. When asking them why, they block us
For buyer assurance and safety of the trading process
Awesone gateway to hundreds of reliable suppliers
It provides a safe way to trade with unknown parties.
suppliers care about goods
Secure, reassuring and well organized
N.A.
its safe
Trade assurance service is a pledge of security and confidence
Quality service with good benefit
Safe and reliable. Transaction is easy
i would because is good manufacturer here
Value service that increases confidence when working with overseas suppliers
THERE ARE ALLOT OF LOW QUALITY MERCADICE AND POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. YOU ORDER AND YOU GET LET DOWN ONCE IT ARRIVES
i always have a problem getting a refund when items dont come like they are advertised
Excellent service
Confidence in transaction security
Protection against bad quality products or service
Think alot that can be done to improve service of buyers.
i will not deal with anyone unless it is through Alibaba
Recommended
n/a
more safety to buy via alibaba
You don't have to worry about receiving your orders or dealing with suppliers.
good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no me llegó mi pedido
Great service. Love the products. Will be placing future orders soon.
Bad customer service.
ok
convenient
i can find the products what i need.
It would be great to have trade assurance, it a great help to new businesses.
I would recommend it, you guys have helped me so much with my business .
I am finding it quite difficult to communicate with some suppliers. I am also finding that
A variety of affordable products covered with an insurance policy.
can not delete some contacts in messager as labels..?? trying to organize labels but it has a flaw..
It is safe.
user enters an order to factory and can not see it to review before sending --- and also click on send and window disappears and not way to see order and confirm it is at next step for supplier review - order disappears....
I am new to this and do not have enough experience with your service.
Direct communication with the supplier and continuous feedback/updates as the product is prepped and shipped... connected feeling, and knowing your are in god hands...
They made me believe something that does not exist when claiming for the quality of my products
Have to be super knowledgeable
good
It makes me feel safe to do business with Alibaba
Some of the shipping times and fees are
excellent and reliable service
I don't know how i have trade assurance without Alibaba.
i would recommend it. it's really helpfull
The cost is quite high for Trade Assurance.
Very easy to use. Offers great tracking to see all my orders, especially with so many sample orders coming.  I know the status of each order, where it is, when to expect it, and which ones I need to pay. Love that I'm protected if the company does not ship the goods or if the goods are not what i ordered. For the extra price, it is well worth the peace of mind. And if the seller changes anything on the order I'm notified and need to approve it so that there is no confusion or fraud. Great tool!
na
It gives you peace of mind.
gives security in purchases
Needs improved when the supplier makes a mistakes in the order, the supplier needs to assume his responsability an reimbursement or re negotiate terms. I was have a situation that a supplier makes a mistakes in the order and was agree with the situation but I was charge with the responsibility causing me lost of money becasue suplier dont assume lost.
n/a
It makes one comfortable with ordering and they are trustworthy
There should be more video tutorials,  how to use all its abilities.
not yet now
Everything went as plan.
reliability of items
I would always recommend Trade Assurance Service for the assurance of our payment.
There is no Credit Card Payment for company outside of Malaysia.
n
becase it let me be sure with the buying process
easy to search the right supplier. and the supplier is real... payment is connvient.
I know that the assurance will get my back in case I need I had to use once and it wasn't quick but made the seller act
I would recommend Alibaba to a business owner in retail for the long run and looking to build business relationships with distributors who can save them product costs.
I made a purchase by this platform to the supplier Li Kevin of the company Qinghai Kunlun River Wolfberry Industry Co., Ltd, and I did not receive my order, I have tried to make my claim to the supplier, and it does not respond and the Alibaba platform takes too long to respond . and when they respond they give little time to re-explain what happened.
luckily i didnt used insurance yet
ME DA CONFIANZA
Protection
trade assurance service is really trsutable I feel really good buying staff in Alibaba
Sometimes the solution is not ok for us, because supplier in china send bad quality and they ask to return teh goods and the freight is expensive sometimes for us to pay
dont
Easy and reliable
Because most of supplier don't speak or understand English. They advertise something and when you ask them they don't ha it. they advertise MOQ but when you ask them they say higher MOQ.It is difficult to explain them what I want  to make or buy
Supplier's cheat on information in conversations and trade assurance is never applicable
When it comes to a case to be opened you discourage the buyer buy asking him to pay in advantage 600$ dollars to an independent company to step in, very disappointed.
The biggest reason is that Trade Assurance didn't help me deal with the poor quality of hats I received from the manufacturer and the the only solution I was provided with was the only one that I was allowed to take. I was forced into a corner to take some hats as replacements and not cover the costs or anything of the ones that are unusable and can't be sold. Trade Assurance is not what I expected and it doesn't give me the confidence to commit to higher volumes because I have no backing if things go wrong like it did in my first experience.
none
Good business opportunities at good prices, but communication with Alibaba employees needs to be improved when enquiring about certain services.
N/A
The service is easy and secure
Many companies to compare and choose from.Using company information and ratings
recomendaría por que es muy seguro, pero también no recomendaría por los pecios altos
It's worked for me as it should so far. Yet to get to a point where i need to claim. I hope that never happens.
not applicable
Would recommend it to people who don't want to worry about their transactions.
I recommend trade assurance service because we pay in advance so many surprises might happen when ordered goods are delivered
n/a
Seguridad
it's safe more than any other payment
i would highly recommend because it safe guards the interest of both the supplier and the buyer
Alibaba very helping me as importer
It's my first time using Alibaba and so far, I have the best experience!
they do not look into cases properly nor do they read all the facts presented to them.
Excelente servicio solo que un proveedor despues de 2 meses llego su pedido lo cual no fue satisfactorio su envio llego tarde y perdimos dinero Excellent service only that a supplier after 2 months arrived his order which was not satisfactory, his shipment was late and we lost money
no
communication with suppliers are still challenging
For safety purposes
because dont help i nedd change the Name of destinatary becous costums requiered.Name is my mother rosa toribio aguayo
Great workflow
No
Not so user friendly the platform
I am very happy with the competitive price offered for the product I purchased.  I am also very pleased with the prompt service and communication, both with messages and pictures, of the vendor who helped me understand how to proceed with the purchase.  Also the product was very good quality for the price and delivered in excellent condition having been packaged in a secure manner.
Very secure transactions, and make me trust in receiving the right products.
great easy and trustable
easy transsaction, suppler respond fast
Because your Product is GUARANTEED
there is confidence, knowing that they will not scam you
We wanted to make payments through Alibaba and on three occasions it was not possible to make the payments through this page.They must improve their system to be able to make payment on the Alibaba page. We are from Mexico .
no quality control, some top with broken
I do not want them to know about it!
na
because they do not determine the return processes well
i have'nt receved my commande till now.
because we are guaranteed to receive the products safely
The trade Assurance is the reason I use Alibaba. It protects the seller and the Buyer. This allows me the freedom to purchase from unknown sellers with complete trust and satisfaction. It also allows the sellers to trust me the buyer. With this trust they can offer products at a lower cost because they know they are protected from scammers.
Trade Assurance does not what they are doing; 1). Lack of industry knowledge; 2). Lack of communication; 3). Wrong judgement in front of obvious facts.  It does not assure fair trade and fair dealing as it claims to do.
It all depends on the supplier, what product you are looking for and how much you have to pay for shipping
I would recomend it because it makes me feel safe
It is a good services
Peace of mind
1-Most of sellers asked to pay with out Alibaba.com2-The price at  Alibaba.com dashboard is lower than the real price that the seller tell in the chat.3- wasting a lot of buyer time as the seller asked higher price than Alibaba.com dashboard4- if most of seller forced the buyers to use whattsup, so why they registerd in Alibaba.com dashboard?!!!
Hi..some supliers have a better understanding on how much we as buyers spend on shipping and help with prices.
complicated
Very good services
I enjoy the trade assurance that Alibaba provides.  Yet, there are some vendors that do not offer good service and I have found it a somewhat best practice to vet these vendors because some cannot be trusted.
Sometimes communication of expectations  is not clearly understood, but other than that the variety of options etc are great!
Better Security and Protection for Buyers
Shipping fee very high
vvv
na
fhrtj
NO
Habe Ware bezahlt aber noch nicht erhalten Trade Assurance order number 49604766501022388
because of fake sellers I have won the case till now alibab did not refund the money, there is no reposnse from alibaba! Alibab is a cheating site!
na
I would highly recommend the service because I have had quality customer service, fast response, quality product and shipment.
A very dependable service.
It's not very easy to find a real factory and trusted partner
SAFE
smooth transactions
fast reply & easy to deal with
It is a great platform which connects people. I like it alot
I would recommend because i find it safe and easy to deal with
Dispute process is not reliable, the dispute team does not review the documents or what is submitted correctly. They are just interested in keeping the seller happy.
scammed
I have tried to order several items only to be told we can not send to your area and secondly the freight charges are too expensive
transaction charge
Your suppliers are a scam
good
recive no items ordered
halp center is not very efficent and Alibaba desiput resolving team as well are not very efficent.they donnt go through the communication between the supplier nad the buyer and dont even see the points you are trying to give them.always on the side of the supplier.
The service was good, the trade assurance gives me the assurance needed.
does not do anything
It's nice to have help if a supplier doesn't send the product ordered
I paid for the purchase on 25/08/2020.So far the product has not arrived
Good experience.
A few months ago I received damaged merchandise. I have done the procedure to be reimbursed. I won, got a refund, but you only gave me a few hours to transfer the money. By the time I see your message, the deadline had passed. I could not recover the money, and access to this transaction blocked. This insurance service is a scam. It's no use. I will not recommend.
Sellers have no idea how to unput shipping info and how to refund buyers. On aliexpress I have 60 days to check in goods, on alibaba I got 2 weeks to check in goods because seller did not deliver goods on time and now since July I cannot receive a refund for trade assurance order. It is unacceptable service.
price
It is a safe method for the trade between the vendor and the buyer
For peace of mind knowing that I will receive shipment of my order or be guaranteed that a refund is coming.
Supplier can insert random tracking number to meet shipment deadline and actual shipment not fully  protected for 30 days.
Wrong question.  I said I WOULD recommend this service.
The price is very competitive, accurate filling .The digital filling record is very helpful , Anti-cheating. I don't need stay in filling plant every day.
n/A
safe
no answer, very good!
I would recommend it as it is an easy way to pay suppliers and it assures that there is protection for my purchase.
It was fine
I would, for Trade assurance.
good service
customer dont delivery quick
because it is a buyer support service, and any buyer support service will always be highly recommended
I would more than likely recommend Trade Assurance but i don't like that some of your manufactures ask for a minimum on certain products. For instance if I'm just starting out on a new business, I May not able to inventory such a large amount of product and sometimes its just not smart business.
everyone has been honest, rapid in response and very professional so i would recommend TSA
It?s complicated. I has to check items to 3 or 4 differents company and I only can start with one users because the others account can be confirmed because I has to use one computer and your systems only accept one account.
There is some recourse but it is not good enough to 100% relay on it. Complaints are not followed up
the price is very interesting a comparison with other platform.
costumer service is prefect. all of sales representative are very kind and assertive
Intuitive, easy and fast
Products I buy on Alibaba I can not find in my own country.
Speed ??and help in the process
cost of shipping and quantity required
More difficult to make an order.
No
The prices are Good, but to make a big deal it is not recommended because of the high percentage of commission.
fast reliable service.
Good services
Supplier will not be responsible for loss of package, even though I contacted them prior to shipping. They do not answer my texts and emails
HELPS ASSURE PRODUCT SATISFACTION
Sellers are genuine and when it comes to refund, there is less stress.Just that some of the products are not of god quality
Its very good
Convenient and fast way of doing business
i have had good expereicnes with the sellers
The products I bought with the DDP method, relying on Alibaba and Trade Assurance Service, were confiscated by customs at an excessive expense. Although I paid a total of $ 137, the products were not delivered to me. Trade Assurance Service So I don't trust it in any way.
ok
to insure that the transaction goes through
I am new to Alibaba transactions - and all my interactions so far in the last few weeks have been the very best. All suppliers have been gracious and wonderful - and informative.
I one time bought goods from Alibaba, and the supplier gave me fake products compared to what he had promised to sell to me. I reported the matter to Alibaba, and I was fully refunded every penny I had spent, and I also retained the goods the customer had sent to me. it was my first time buying on Alibaba, and now am sourcing goods for my relative from Alibaba, she completely trusts me and I completely trust Alibaba.
I got scammed out of $9,000 from a vendor who said they shipped the product but never did
Provides security
The shipping took longer than I expected and i am just realizing that there are issues with the materials and the time for me to make my trade assurance time has expired.
I would recommanded Trade Assurance because the suppliers respond quickly
Order did not arrive, no actions were taken
We had some disputs but it failed. No personal contact to someone from the trade assurance team to talk about the proble
for the peace of mind it provides to the client regarding the guarantee and delivery of their products
It feels safe to make purchases; however, I wish the shipping rates were a little bit more affordable.
Los precios son buenos, lo recomiendo
The trade assurance always takes suppliers side and never consider the buyers. Thus, to improve the Alibaba trade assurance should have high penalty on suppliers that wastes buyers time and energy. 1) Example 1 i have bought material the supplier writes 7 days production time on the attached invoice and then later they change their stories and then not responding and keeps changing stories. etc... instead of alibaba being on buyers side they take chinese supplier sides more. overall, the system should changed more like amazon and have strict rules and penalties on suppliers.
because overall it is very good
The trade insurace worked very well and received the goods in time.
It's not that I don't recommend it.  All my transactions have been perfect so I did not need Trade Assurance.
More secure
I would recommend it for there are many suppliers we can choose from. But one area that you can improve is the transparency of shipment the duration / days of the shipment should be a little bit faster. Another is the clarity that when the supplier says "all in paid no hassle" meaning DDP.Delivered in our address all paid no hassleI had experienced that I need to pay here before I got the item. But the supplier said its all paid already.
This is the best safest way to deal with suppliers
happy so far
simply the service is excellent
my account suspended for no reason and I'm not able to contact anybody to resolve it
not useful
because a is the most secure online selling platforme
I got very good communication and support, my free sample arrived on time
the reason would be fast and reliable.
I got the goods OK there were no bigger problems apart from paperwork for customs. Details below in point 5.
Fast & Safe
makes me feel secure in case someone is not honest I have trade assurance to back me up and protect me
Gives an added layer of peace of mind regarding funds and any potential issues that may arise.
I would like to recommend with Alibaba trade Assurance service, because it's can protect for the buyer as well.
Great B2B platform, easy to use.
I did not say that i do not recommend it I have not used it so i have no experience with but knowing it is there brings a security to elements to the negotiations and dealings
very easy to use
i will recommend
good service
difficult to resolve quality issues on product.  did not find solutions to receive support from alibaba regarding product issues.  My options were not very clear.
It is safe
safty
buen dia srs. de alibaba me encuentro insatisfecho por que ice una compra por intermedio de alibaba  en la tienda :Henan Laixiu Tecnologia Electronica Co.,Ltd un equipo de celular de marca ONE PLUS 8PRO 12GB RAM 256GB ROM.lo cual segun han enviado y ya llego la mercancia ala aduana del callao -Lima-Peru el dia 18/09/2020 lo cual no puedo retirar la mercancia por que me falta regularizar la liberacion con homologacion del celular en ministerio de transportes y comunicaciones del peru para el ingreso de la mercancia para lo cual necesityo la informacion general del equipo de la fabrica .lo cual he solicitado al proveedor que me facilite con la informacion del celular pero no me estan dando la soluccion.en este caso podria pedir mi reembolso si no me quieren dar la soluccion al caso po
Not required
I would recommend the service, because is complete service and very safe.
Safety and Convinience
It is reliable, safe.
I did not receive my order it was returned to the sender and they requested I do a refund and that option is no longer available for me.
trade assurance is the best thing for buyers
Very easy to use and great service!
I currently have purchased an agreed item of a company and paid in full to this company any it has cost me time and fees. now the supplier has made up several stories and want me to ask for a refund. I want to be able to write a bad review abut this company and i should not suffer any losses when i am not at fault. there should be an easy way to write a review on that company for the bad experience they have given me. i told them that why should i waste my time and lose bank fees and charges and they tell me to go to another supplier? Alibaba should not allow this.  I should be able to write the review and not lose my bank fees because they don't want to supply after they asked me to pay ?
never tried
I can't pay with my CC or my bank account... I've made several complaints.
none
safe smooth transaction
The store keeps having you repeat the trade assurance agreement multiple times still with no product being delivered. They say the government is inspecting them for over a month?
I made an order from a supplier, after 30 days found out the items sold to me were not as advertised. I tried to contact Alibaba to help never got a reply.
I would recommend trade assurance because it protects the buyer and seller from fraud. However the time given for delivery is too short
I want assurance from a strong legitimate business that whoever our company employs has a reason to do the right thing.
The only time I used Trade Assurance because the product didn't came as specified, you gave me too little time to make the external lab analysis, and asked to you for an extension, but wasn't even responded, closing in favour of the supplier who sent us a product we don't even can use.
Simple, effective, only option I have?
tt tranfer is good way
I have placed several orders and they have all been perfect.
Easy to process payments
the problem with traded insurance is that the transport can be much longer than the duration of the insurance
2 times I order here and receive defective products !!you could do questionnaires in the user's language ...very difficult to answer
I like Alibabab
I feel that my payment is protected while buying from a company in another country.
we recommended to everyone to do trade with trade assurance
With trade asurance I can be confident that supplier will comply with the buying requirement and furthermore, if supplier does not comply or handles unfair, then buyer can rely on a fair judgement of dispiute committee.
Good treatment from the seller, good prices and deliveries on time
Could you specify the reason why you would or would not recommend Trade Assurance Service?
all friendly and helpfull
The cost.
Actually there was no problem!
It is very helpful !
nice
OKAY
I have insisted on using Trade Assurance for all orders from China, but the 1st time something happened with a shipment, they only gave a small partial refund. Absolutely unfair. I used Trae Assurance for exactly this reason and then when you need it, it does not work. Terrible.
----
dont return messages. hard to come up with an order. I have been ordering onesies for 13 days now and still no sample or anything
RELIABLE
Because it doesn't work. The money was not returned to me and everything was decided not honestly. I'm not just not happy. I can admit my mistakes. And I'm ready to lose money. But in this situation, everything was not fair and against the contract
Unfortunately, the confirmation of goods' arrival makes automatically (before receiving ordered goods) and sometimes the terms for dispute open and Alibaba Assurance expired. Moreover the consideration of disputes are very long in time.But weanwhile Alibaba.com is better than other similiar trade site for business.
The production process times and delivery are quite bigger than producing locally. (for example requesting samples, them getting here, production, delivery, etc.)
it was good
Safety and credibility
I would recommened them to any tech business looking to purchase these parts. They are quite friendly and offer a very reasonalble product and ship very quickly.
NA
its awesome
Reliable
i always make sure all supplier have all the badges before buying.
Very easy and convenience
i recommend to reduce the transaction fee when amount of the increase
none
It automatically refused my refund application I've been waiting for my product for more than 50 days now!
afraid it will incur additional cost
nil
some traders want to trade privately and don't accept to chat on alibaba or accept payment on alibaba. they need to be warned.
I like the service but don't know many people who would use it. They would have no need to.
had very good Experience with the seller I ordered from
Great
Sellers input wrong information
You always support the seller, NEVER THE BUYER. These people keep all our money, either never supply]y or in many case supply late and you continue to side with them
pago de impuestos no reflejado en el precio
I'm able to find comparable rates and quality items. Customer service with the companies I've worked with has been exceptional!
Always have what I need at good prices
I constantly buy goods through your site. But I categorically will not use the Trade Assuranche service, because I had 2 cases when we requested a refund, but the alibaba refused us for stupid reasons protecting suppliers from China. I will never use this service!
For a huge Internet based company, your website is a complete and utter disgrace. I used to work in large computer system before the days of the PCs so I am well qualified to know a piece of garbage when I see it... what's the matter with you ????
very good service
You are too expensive. You are charging too much for a payment order
It's safe and convenient.
It is very convenient and safe.
Reliable trade assurance
Wrong trucking number was input by supplier twice and there is not possible for them to amend. I see my page as I received though I have not and once I received and pass 30 days, I can not do anything even if I have not received!
Its good
Can we have more genuine suppliers. some like Rachel Sheng of Yiwu City Bohong Clothing Co.Ltd are letting you down how can you make a customized tutu skirt and you have no shame shipping it to me like that, How do you wear cloth without lining?
Just review my refund case. That sums it up.
because i didn't get my goods, but the sistem says that i have it
great service
It's easy to look for suppliers all around the world
Order communication and delivery proceeded as expected without problems
Assurance is good to have
Add a confirmation butto
it is safe
Alibaba has not done anything concrete for 4 months since my refund request. I have demonstrated with extremely clear documents and evidence that due to the seller who did not present the correct and complete documents for export to the customs, the products I paid in May 2020 could not leave China. For 4 months Alibaba did nothing but ask us for continuous evidence, it delayed the steps of documenting and solving these steps. After 4 months we were suggested by Alibaba to find a compromise solution, practically Alibaba not being able to make a decision and not knowing how to arbitrate, preferred to remain a mere spectator, although normally Trade Assurance Order involves guaranteeing the lead to good end o placed orders.
The service works and is easy to use.
its a fluent interface, and provide a secure way to do business
NIce
good
It is safe.
It's very good
Trade Assurance Service mediated issue between our company and the supplier and gave a fair determination when we could not solve the issue. It was also a very quick process. I would highly recommend.
There is always good communication, they are also 100% secure purchases
bad providers
I am happy with the service, no problem
I would recommend.
There are zero protection for buyers should products arrived damaged, despite numerous evidence provided to show damaged on the machines.  It was insisted that the products where dismantle by us and therefore we are at fault for the machines' damages. (we only unscrewed three screws on the cooling fan hood, entirely for the purpose of taking photos of the molten cooling fan!)In addition, a second machine arrived broken but for some reason no notice was taken and no refund given by the trade assurance agent..
None
OUTSTANDING MANUFACTURERS
Excelent
NICE SEVICE
Chinese E commerce is the best!
It is difficult to communicate with the representatives whenever there is an issue. I think more fluent english speaking representatives with an American dialect would help alleviate some of the miscommunications that occur through messaging as well as phone calls
Easy way
I would recommend it to anyone looking for affordable products, I would just caution that some vendors are better than others with communication and that it does take some time to get desired results.
competition to my reselling
Very friendly and always helpful
Because you protect only supplier not the costumer
just great service. fast shipping.
No reasons.
muy buena comunicación y buen servicio
no comment
i liked the company i worked with
I find the platform very user friendly and accessible. Even more so on your mobile application.
Easy to use.
NOT CUSTOMER SERVICE IS WEAK
no
good price and service
It is very easy to communicate with providers and place orders
I recommend because is a protection for the buyer and the seller.
Because I did not got a parcel from first shipping. Insurance of parcel finished but I good not change a day shipping to give a opportunity to ship that later and have a insurance.
ok ..
They let the provider abuse me. I made the claim before you ... but they spent it lengthening the answer, in order to tire me and make the provider do what they want. You charge an insurance, but do not comply with supporting the buyer.
It makes me comfortable
You don't force sellers to honor their words..
being scammed by your supplier and you have a conversation wich you can read how they scammed me for more than 2000 euro in 4 times .... and your disputeteam  awnser is thats it too old
i would for sure, but alibaba should filter their suppliers, there s a lot who will not sell through alibaba website
The sales associates with every company I have inquired or worked with are very prompt, speak great english for US customers, extremely nice and understand what I am asking.
of course I highly recommend it, since if you pay through the application, you can be sure that your money and your purchase are safe and there is nothing to worry about. It does not matter how much you buy since when paying through alibaba trade assurance it supports you.
It's the safest way to buy
I didn't receive my parcel nor  my money back
Its the only secure way to buy from China. Alibaba is a very trusted company. The companies on Alibaba who knows.
The cover time is way to little, 1 month is not enough
The wait time for some vendors to ship their items off, as well as the shipping costs can be ridiculous.
I pay for services you do not provide. When I write to you for questions you answer me ARRANGE YOURSELF WITH YOUR SELLER! Alibaba is very big and the service you give me is not good for me. I had a big problem with sellers and you protected your seller instead of the customer, while the seller completely sold me defective items, your answers to my questions were appalling. You put the responsibility of the item bumped before or during transport on my shoulders, HOW DO YOU WANT ME TO KNOW IF THE ITEM IS BUMPED WITHOUT OPENING THE BOX? With every transaction I pay Aliabba fees for nothing.Why are you doing a survey when it doesn't matter to you?
Security
isvery good
I am still waiting for delivery of my order from Ken Lian.
i have been using it all the time when i have to pay for my orders from my alibaba suppiers and every time i used it i feel confident knowing that my money is secure and safe.  thank you for this outstanding service
none
good
Esta bien pr ahora
None for now... I'm yet to experience the dispute resolution process
It is safe for the supplier and buyer .
I would recommend it because of buyer protection
ALIBABA SERVICE IS VERY GOOD, BUT TOO MUCH SUPPLIERS ARE BAD
Is not fair and right
I would because it seem easy to talk with suppliers
will recommend, feel secure in making deal
I don't know that it helped my decision that much
professionnel
SHAME!!!!!! THERE IS NO GUARANTEE FOR ANYTHING!!!!!I lost 228$ because the seller used the wrong shipping company and they couldnt communicate. They said they tried to deliver it to me 2 times. there was no record of it, Someone was always home I never got a notice card, or a phonecall and the seller didnt want to refund me. After the Trade assurance checked the case and decided that I dont get anything back! So I paid for the product waited over 3 months and lost everything!!!! SHAME!!!!
it works well
be safe
Its a great quality control and make sure what your ordering is what you receive.
It works and gives security and lets us know it is a trusted seller
todo muy bien, buen producto
I recommend that it is more safe to continue your business with various suppliers in Alibaba.
Very convenient to be able to see suppliers from the comforts of your own home. To see them live and to ask questions in real time.
why not ?
cannot contact you by email or phone
recommend
To protect from scam
No, Very happy
very satisfied with their ss sheet.
i always recommend
Trade Assurance has helped save us with suppliers that have provided the incorrect product or poor quality product
User friendly
it ensures the business i do on alibaba protects my money and i will not get ripped off.
Its a good market for business man
It really takes some of the anxiety off.
Decisions are made too quickly and not consistently. I was told to wait extra time for my shipment to arrive and the next day I get a notice that my issue was closed and rejected.
I want a refund of $113 for items not delivered as promised. Thank you, Jeff
to protect the buyers
CARE ABOUT SELL IF A BUY
Great site great products and service
Not Applicable
Trade Assurance is very safe for every buyer. This is highly recommended practice which Alibaba should always follow.
ITS AN EXCELLET OPTION
i had an issue with product qualtiy. seller sent me rusty item, which is absolute rubish. i applied for trade assurance service, and the case worker emailed me several weeks later, and just gave me 24hrs to submit the proves of faulty. but i didnt check my email on that day, and i didnt even have a chance to prove the faulty items.if alibaba took weeks to reply regarding issue, they should give me enough time to check email. it's not a phone call, it's email which people may not read for 24hrs. it's just totally not fair,   one side took weeks, the other side only have 24hrs. i lost my money, because of your ridiculous system. thanks
I feel safe with my money and transactions
all transactions that I made was excellent
The person i bought things from lied to me and gave me a terrible product. I showed them the evidence of it and they write back to me as if I am crazy. They scammed me
Mostly supplier send the wrong order. It is terrible for business.
I would recommend because you can find suppliers that have an audit that overwhelms them that they have quality standards, since they help us as importers to be able to make a filter and contact all the suppliers that have a Verified Information By Onsite Checked.and we can also use commercial guarantee.But take into account when using trade assurange and paying for bank transaction, an additional charge is made by the alibaba bank.
The ecrow sistem give you the confidence that you need to b2b
its helpful
Good Prices and payment platform is good...
Excellent
assurance for buyer against the below standard sellers
It was dificult the fill out the information for delivery. specially if a country different to USA
The shipping is extremely expensive, it rises the costs of the merchandise even the double.
The communication between the suppliers, and nothing being shown in New Zealand Dollar so i spend more then the original price
You closed my refund case without letting me answer!
See my recent refund case.  Extremely dissatisfied with the "no resolution" result.
i am having problem with a product i purchased from a seller here on alibaba. first time i ever bought anything thru alibaba. unfortunately, there are many problems i am experiencing with the product. it is a big exercise machine that needs to be assembled but i am noticing big issues with things that are not fitting properly,,,etc. so i do not know what to do. i am in communication with the seller but he is not very clear with his answers and i have to keep waiting and time is going by more and more. supplier has great communication when purchasing item and he is communicating but he is taking his time and not very responsive with my problem with the item.
THE REPRESENTATIVES ARE KIND AND VERY HELPFUL THROUGH THE ORDERING PROCESS.
The assurance part is very limited and appears to benefit seller over buyer
Protection
Upon the cancellation of an order that the supplier was not able to deliver on, my fees were not reimbursed.
It gives you security
because i can find everything im looking for as a retailer
I feel Alibaba should forbid sellers to publish pictures of items they dont have, which are not the same as what they have, many sellers publish pictures of items they find in other web sites, ( clothes ), and they sell something similar. they should only publish what they produce, unless they offer to produce according to what the vbuyer requests. offering something and then selling you something different is forgery, it is misleading information, does not show transparency
I used this freight forwarding before. The company name is Shenzhen JW logistics international freight forwarding Ltd. I am in contact with Lucy Huang in these 2 transactions. For this time I asked all suppliers to send products to Lucy , just like last time . But she quoted me excessive shipping fee 198usd while other agents quote me 60usd less. So we agreed that I use my own uk agent to collect the parcel from her place. But she said I need to pay for the storage fee. She insisted using payment method outside alibaba. I did as I don’t have a choice and after I paid , she now refused for my uk agent to collect the parcel. You can check out chat records. She is being very difficult. I now have 575usd (you can check my buying record) of products at her place and she refused to let my uk agent collect it which is what we agreeed when I made the storage payment outside alibaba.
I would highly recommend trade assurance as it is reliable and user friendly.
Because I always receive a lot of inquire that I didn't ask about. But
The person I worked with named Nicole was really good and send me samples, pictures of the products. She is amazing
Very reliable!
Gives me confidence
Hello I had an agreement  with this lab/ order with your company .. 'Our agreement was the they will made this serum for me plus shipping for the price of $1725.00they choose Fedex to deliver the product . Today I receive  an invoice from fedex asking me to pay $353.04 for that shipping when the serum company was / need to pay this  !!! I am asking for your help before I will start legal lawsuit against your company and the lab !! Looking forward to hear from you .. Best regards Tal Sharone 786.337.5588Talsharone@gmail.com
safe to your money
Im having issues with using credit card
Ease of useProfessional and friendly vendorsCompetitive pricing
It allows you to work more easily with new suppliers.
Good job.
The communications were responsive and clear.
its very nice for us alibaba users, we can we assurance for our goods no like other websites:)
You need to make sure you have good quality conscious suppliers on Alibaba.  We wasted two months not.  We believe the supplier did not have a product ready and after getting the payment they designed something cheap.  Otherwise why it will take 45 days to get a sample with slight modification
not reliable enough
it doesnt help with disputes and get my refund
Negative remark: The extra fee for visa/mastercard payment
too many questions
I have not used it.  It is a good idea as I do not trust the manufacturers on Alibaba and it helps to trust more, but again, I have NOT ever used it.
not
I got an email weeks ago saying that they assumed I received my product and were therefore cancelling/closing my trade assurance service. I still have yet to receive the product and the tracking number I was given does not work. I have no idea where my product is or how long it will take to arrive.
The ease of doing business is very easy and fast
poor services
Security
It says ordered received but i still didn't get my order. I don't know what's happening. Without my confirmation how can you say customer receieved.
i always recomended alibaba bcuz is one windows to make a business with feww money, have to much posibilities.
GOOD
None at this time.
I found what I needed. The seller answered all questions quickly and in a timely manner. Then I quickly sent the product. Impressions from the purchase and communication were extremely positive.
I feel safe
No value provided, just an additional comission on top of my payment, without invoice, and I cannot even choose to have this service included or not.
very easy to use and trustful side
the trade is good.so I thinks no problem.I know have any more. thanks so much.
Because it is a very important service.
I can really recommend this company.I ordered blood pressure equipment for Switzerland. The service was friendly and the delivery was very quick and reliable. Thank you!
All good - give it a go
not problem with alibaba
nil
its good to have 3rd party judge
i don't try it
Great service and peace of mind
I need to finish my first order to have a better point of view
protection
It gives peace of mind that everything will be dealt with correctly
No insert hole on sim card tray......
as a method of insurance against unknown sellers
I waited very long time for replacement monitor or refund for just that part which was received damaged. You and supplier asked me to wait and then you closed the case without asking if I'm satisfied with the result. There was no result or recommended solution from anybody. Seeing that nothing was done, I even recommended to the supplier for orderdering a new monitor because I could not wait for the investigations result and after some time they gave me the normal price for that monitor without any discount. So I placed a replacement monitor from another supplier.I'm very unsatisfied with the supplier, DHL and the way you this investigation went. I did all the investigation and trouble with pictures and calling DHL over and over again (as the supplier suggested) and then no reply from my supplier until you closed the investingation. You closed the investigation after emailing me to wait a few more days and to be patient. How can I be ok with this?
seller promise a lot but don't do it
they where very helpful with guiding me through my first order
it makes me feel comfortable ordering.
Responds time too slowCreditcard charges too high
it?s easy and well organized and you can trust
safe and reliable
Would: seems legit, it's nice if you are unsure about doing an international transaction.Wouldn't: Probably wouldn't think about it? It's always been kind of automatic.
i dont know
Shipping cost to expensive and then i must pay about import tax too.
Feels very safe.
Yes, I would recommend, because it allows me to be sure of any fraud or error in the delivery of my order, since one as a customer and at the same time a seller always wants a good product and excellent service.
I'm just getting started so I'm not too sure.
por que no hacen la investigaciones correctamente aunque se envie las evidencias necesarias siempre le dan la razon al vendedor que actua de mala fe.Alibaba deberia reconsiderar estos reclamos
Fantastic communication skills, offered suggestions and alternatives which really helped. Really great to work with and listened really well :)
NA
Fast shipping and secure purchase
I have had a very happy experience so far. Shipping costs are just very expensive!
I would recommend the trade assurance because it helps in not being scammed.
money is safe, orders ship in time.
I recommend it because that ensures that there is a clean and proper transaction between the buyer and the seller.
no
recommend
love it
more safe transaction
very fast delivery, good communication
I have not used it yet.
Peace of mind that I will get the required help in case something goes wrong with the shipment.
Because the communication after products are shipped is terrible. I paid for 8-10 day shipping but I did not get my products almost 2 months. When I recieved the product it was not what I ordered.
Alibaba is a great site that could be overwhelming to someone new, such as myself. I was so confused about how the site works and still confused to be honest. My biggest suggestion would to give a more detailed questions and answers of how to manever the website, how to converse with vendors, and what to look for when ordering.
highly recommended
Dont help
There is no way to measure quality of garments.  Most manufacturers want to communicate off alibaba.  There a many miss understandings...and trade assurance hasnt worked for me.
deal with reliable traders
I would recommend it because I find that it is safe and effective.
The order was received on record time, I would recommend to trade with this vendor.
Great platform to find...well anything, you need. Love the Trade Assurance and the messaging platform makes it easy to communicate with suppliers.
Gives me comfort that if supplier falls through, I won't be out the $
Clothes seem like a good quality
thanks
n/a
I lost some money due to ordering and then having order cancelled. The credit card fee was never refunded.
I had a problem with an unreasonable seller and it was very difficult to receive any help at all, because it is impossible to contact Trade Assurance for assistance.I also found it odd that I was not able to update the reason our dispute was continuing. The system would not allow me to update that I eventually did receive the goods, however it was not in the agreed timeframe, therefore I needed to update my dispute from "refund all" to "refund some of my shipping cost"
The Trade Assurance sent me a notice that it was over, even before my goods arrived.  It should not expire until delivery.
N/a
Provides accountability for the buyer and supplier
most of the sellers after i place the order they contact me and say that the products are not available
It is more in favour of the seller's than the buyers. The protections are not strong.
I bought something and it is now more than 2 months and did not received the product and it was for my daughter
The price for shipping ends up being more than what you pay for the actual products. Ends up not really being worth it.
Amazing quality laces and many colours to choose from. Fast shipping to UK, will definitely order again:)
not really.
Trade assurance gives me some kind of security when i make payments of items
Trade assurance has helped me twice now. Thank you.
Gives confidance that the goods will be delivered and wont loose the money paid
works
great vendors
The protection behind each purchase. How it secures every transaction for both the buyer and the seller.
IT IS A SAFE PAYMENT PROCESS
Reliable service. Business deals done with ease.
Complained about my last purchase and that the products didn?t work. Haven?t heard back from Alibaba since.
the don't fix my problem
Delivery on time, atention
I order product 3 months ago and still haven't received it when I ordered from this company before it only took 3 weeks to arrive. I have lost customers due to this mishap
Because it is almost impossible to complete an order and make paymentThe app does not workOne out 10 times I can pay...
The Trade Assurance has protected me from errors made on the sellers part. It is an important feature of the people I buy from.
trustworthy
Trade assurance gives some help and this is very helpful over the long distance
I've had 2 occasions where Ive needed Trade Assurance. Both times they protected the seller, despite the seller being wrong / sending wrong product.  And it takes weeks to get money back. Trade Assurance has been extremely disapointing and I will think long and hard about future Alibaba orders. Its clear they care more about keeping suppliers happy.
I'm a start up very small business and It's hard to explain what or how much I want. (MOQ) in most cases are too high. It needs to be easier to complete an order from start to finish.
Prices
It's easy and the product gets here quickly.
I haven't had to use their additional services (inspection and whatnot) but its an easy enough system to navigate.
please protect us from bad suppliers world wide.I am a business man in Dubai.
Great and trustworthy supply
CLUNKY
I would recommend it because it is a good service
You should improve the browsing of Alibaba through the IOS or ANDROID mobiles and through laptop browsers.There are some problems when someone shares the lnks from a device which is not the same system of the other device.
Easy to find a supplier.
no
it is inconvient
very good protection
OK OKK
shipping time
peace of mind
Website is a bit clunky and hard to make orders without contacting supplier
safety in operation
Alibaba is a good sourche for finding good manufactures. However, the online system is not fully functional. A lot of bugs
good security in transactions
Trade assurance only protect supplier it is total bullshit
Very satisfied
Probably Money Guaranty/Protection
It provides security to the buyer.
It appears to run out before the goods are delivered.
HOPE NOT TO GET CHEAT
transfer fees high
we need extra user accounts so that employees can have different accounts to communicate with suppliers, one account is really frustrating.
offline trade not safe here, most chinese companies who insist offline dont trust probably they are double dealer.
I don't really know the detail of that
No use. I had a supplier that admit mistake and sent communication to Alibaba still no help. Collected trade asssurance money but offer no service. American services just so much better. Wont be recommending alibaba to anyone.
Easy to use and safe way of making business
great service good companies tyo work with
ok
Shipping is expensive and  communication is sometimes difficult
Easy to use. There are many products. And most importantly the warranty from Alibaba.
i can pay no problems
confidence
Simple and straight forwards
Great customer service with all manufacturers
Easy to navigate. Assurance between seler
Everything has been as described. Great communication from vendors.
I feel more comfortable to complete a transaction.
As it is very safe for buyers like us
it's piece of mind but we pay before we see the product
very convenient and faithful.
There is security over payments
Very good customer service
Because most of the supplier we have made deal with deliver very low quality products, Alibaba should have are more strict control over the quality of the products offered in their portal
I don't understand more about that
.
TIENEN VENDEDORES QUE MANDAN PRODUCTO DE MALA CALIDAD
It is a very nice service, our transactions are very secure.
safe for business owner
Acuracy and guidance to order fullfil
The deadline to solve problems wasn't reach
This is my first purchase, and for the moment I would recommend it because the platform provides security, and everything was very easy.
I am very disappointed as I have not yet received the dough mixer I bought and you have completed the shipment for meThanks
Very easy to navigate the website and contact support if necessary
Good Services
Freezing the funds until the goods are delivered are great for building trust.
very quick and great communication
The reason it that you do not have to worry for you purchase.  Your money is secure.
So far I’ve encountered trustworthy companies. Service is fast.
Good services, fast and sure
I purchased and item and never received the delivery. It is over 2 months every time I request for refund, it is rejected by Alibaba and supplier.It is more supportive to supplier then customer.
I placed an order and once I received my products/merchandise, I couldn't use them. Once I made the company/person aware of it they asked for a video showing proof. I sent them the video and they explained they would give me a refund. It has been weeks and I haven't heard from them in reference to my refund.
Very difficulty for sign in
I feel safer in case there was an issue
would get trade insurance
there is always room for improvement
product quality is hit and miss. but when its good, its fantastic. When its bad, its wasted time and effort as you start the search again. With shipping from China, You need to be thinking ahead as nothing comes rushed.
I am not sure if the trade assurance service is very good and pay back when you have problem with suppliers ?
The strive is reliable and trustworthy
The service is good, they have variety, the shipping cost is expensive. Some of the companies' sellers have bad English and they don't give you alternatives. What affects the most is the import, which is a problem when they are small quantities.
I would recommend it because it holds the seller accountable, and they tend to be easier to deal with when they have trade assurance.
I would recommend Alibaba.
I don't receive my order a this time
When look at the order it does not show a picture of all the items that was bought. If there was a way to see the products when clicking on the order, and see just a picture of what you ordered.
I want to have terms and was sent email about net 60,I wanted to know more about this but never heard anything back from you. i guess if you made it easy to have net 60 terms starting from receipt date,. wee will even take from ship date.
It was my first Order. Everything was fine and Professional. Thank you.
I am not happy for what I got when problem happened.
It all worked as it should.
taking care on order fast and reliable
with trade assurance everyone feel relaxed.
I dont have anyone to recommend.
It's safe and reliable
Because by choosing Alibaba for things that we really need (exotic-rare food imports) we can save thousands of USD and take that savings and pump it into digital gold & artificial intelligence stocks & some vaccine stocks at key times when the DJIA is increasing & not decreasing.
I like the idea of trade assurance, but have not had to use the service as all vendors have provided the products requested
I believe gives peace of mind to have a big company backing up the purchases
Delay in response. Delay in shipping
I have had good experiences so far.
Your dispute team is complete suck!
A lot of the vendors are not very communicative, they respond late and don't give you updates on your order. Some vendors ship through FED EX, which us consumers pay $30-40 for shipping and still receive a bill  from Department Homeland Security. It would be nice if vendors can tell us this before we buy. Thank you.
i recommend good for both for buyer and supplier.
None
I don't really know what it is and how does it protect me.
its very good
I ?ve ordered and 500 KN95 Biweikang 9600 Medical Face Masks. I?ve only received 100 KN95 Biweikang 9600 Medical Face Masks and then I?ve received 400 masks of different brand (HeBei Xin Ji Hun Dun), and of much lower quality that do not meet the specifications of what I paid for!
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it protects the buyer and the seller and gives great updates throughout the entire transaction.
no
fake sellers with high prices
Because it’s simple the only thing is the high shipping cost
im okay with it
Because it is the perfect partner that we can used in CHina.
the TA system is difficult if you can't check freight completely and if you check one or two samples of a complete container shipment this might hide issues with other stuff in the container.
it's good
n/a
The website is sometimes a bit messy. You see your accountname, but then you still have to login. Also the structure is a bit confusing sometimes.
It is slow process with no responds on site.  i dont get any customer service requests. I am a buyer and received a defective product, i want to return them back but i have no help.
you have to many fake companies using other companies profile, i have reported this several times to you but you dont take any action.
As an extra safety for transactions.
Gives an added protection to your purchase, there's a very long wait for an order to arrive or even to be shipped therefore it diminishes the worry somewhat. Although it can be updated by the seller with permissions from the buyer, usually means the buyer has little choice but to agree especially for delays in production.
I'm writing to Alibaba for weeks for a refund from Trade Assurance Order No. 37130283501023039.I didn't get any answer.
complicated and so many emails to my box
Trade Assurance is ok
a seller asked me to cancel my order because it cannot be delivered to me, since I have not been reimbursed
very good
its safe and secure and buyer and seller respect it
Had a dispute with Meijui Lighting, they wouldn't admit that the quality they provided was sub standard. To get a refund you have to ship the items overseas, then hope and pray that the inspector agrees with you to try get some money back. Would have been more expensive to send the items back than what I paid for it, so I had no choice but to let it go. Meijui sent me a heating plate to fix the LED boards myself, admitting they supplied low quality enough for me to fix it but they wouldn't give any money back. Alibaba trade assurance doesn't mean anything.
Good design on web pager. Alibaba gives comfort to buyers with their Trade Assurance Service.
Good
easy communication and navigation
No problems.
no I can not.
i paid supplier that promise me to receive goods in 20 days..after 60 days no goods no refund. trade assurance is needless
There are tonnes of vendors who are very helpful and very detailed. You get to enure they are verified suppliers and the range is amazing.
finally found what I was looking for
pro seller
to any companies take to long to respond and they advertise things they dont stock and then the moq is way to high
very quick service
I would recommend Trade Assurance, there is just one point to make better, refunds will not refund the full amount paid due to fees.
I have only used the Trade Service once and was fine, the process was quiet did not hear from supplier or Trade Service, however the refund came through. All was well in the end.
.
It is really important
I would recommedn Alibaba because of Customer protection and the variety of Suppliers.
easy to get the order and information clarity
It seems to me from my own experience that commercial guarantees are exclusive only for the seller and as a buyer not
If there's a problem, your resolution is suck
professional service
like
Bought a item, which i received after long wait and remote wasnt working.wasnt able to use it so i bought a new remote from where i live and now the buyer refuse to componsate.
I feel like i am protected from fraud
I've had complete satisfaction.
For the guarantee that the platform gives me
I have been trading with Alibaba for some time now, I am from the Seychelles Islands, I see Alibaba as a great business opening for me,
I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED THE ORDER   40303546001029680
is really good
safe payment
Atencion, calidad del producto y velocidad de respuesta.
Competitive pricing
Service and providers are reliable
Some suppliers are very slow to contact and uploading larger files to suppliers does not work
I would recommend for the range of choices one can get.I would not recommend because the listing of choices is messy, to me. It makes it hard to find the right provider. Some have many offers for the same product.
non siete professionali.
It gives great protection to both parties in making new contacts
Would recommend due to vast amount of product available on the market place.
Sometimes you need to ask about items several times.
Its quick and easy to understand
Sometimes shipment doesnt come on time, and back communication from suppliers
la proteccion de garantia de pago
until now all is easy and safe
Initial order arrived  missing one items. I have now been chasing this for nearly 6 weeks and they have just promised (again!) to send the missing part. Not feeling confident that we will ever get it... A real shame because we were happy with the rest of the order but the negative effects of having to constantly chase the missing part are overwhelming the happy feelings from the start
No
Smooth transactions every time!
i can find things we dont have in my country. its very safe and i can keep track of my orders.
I am having one problem with one of the orders. So i want to first solve the same then if i am satisfied then only i can recommend to others.
Excellent service and attention, all was perfect!
I wrote tho Shanghai Eagle on the 10th June and then as they did not reply I sent them a video recoding of the problem still no resolution.The Cool bags are very think so they look very bad, and the lid done not close properly and warm air gets inside. We are not at all happy with them.
I am not sure if the trade assurance service can do something to return money back when a product is not properly working .
Not only the customer is being charged once for shipping but we getting charged again for shipping from our country
the main reason to recommend it is due to the fact that is 100% secured to make up online payments
yes, because its easy to use and safe to use.
I would recommend because I have had an amazing experience with vendors.
Recomendaría sí, llevo muy poco tiempo solicitando pedidos, hasta el momento la garantía que me han dado es muy buena, los productos que me han llegado son de buena calidad.
Hzgdhddhd
always use trade assurance or no business
el producto no me llego
very safe
access to many manufacturers
The biggest issue on a platform such as yours is trust. With millions of buyers & sellers Trade Assurance makes it easier to trust the process
Because the process allows Chinese Supplier to lie and refuse to refund.This has happen to me twice.I didn't receive my refund over 1 year now.
Its been very easy to do business and I've never felt insecure about the process.
you dont respect time of disputeyou give false informationdefective products bad suppliers
all my transactions with ALibaba companies have been pleasant
i feel comfortable with it, it is easy to understand and trustworthy
No use
Very good service
Yes, I would recommend it as a peace of mind.
n/a
Non
Its fair and we as a customer have some control over our payments.
FAst Transactions.
not sure yet
I would because i have already buyed by Alibaba and till today everythingwent very good. Also the trade assurance service give a good feeling
todo me ha funcionado muy bien, estoy muy contento con el sistema.
Very sophisticated system from the beginning of the order till the end of the order and no problems occurred from the past 10 years when I started using alibaba for my sourcing requirements.
it makes business very easy
ok
easy to use, no problems, great delivery
Productos de calidad
The products were given a specific ship time and did not meet the requirements. I was unable to track the order until the end of the "receiving time", and when the order closed, all that USPS was able to track was that the order number was created. This is very frustrating an unprofessional.
I would recommend this to anyone
ES EXCELENTE
Very convenient the pay service please add Apple Pay support soon
security for delivery and answer from the suppliers and certain knowledge for border issues
Alibaba is supposed to sell to People on wholesale so they can retail if I am going to buy a product at wholesale I expected to be cheaper than what and actual retailer would sell it for. If I as a retailer find out that the same company that is selling the product to me in large quantities is also retailing it for the same price how can I make any profit.
secure payment
trust but verify
Yes because it assures you quality in all your orders
If Transanction fee is lower is better.
Order received incomplete and bike broken after 28 km, design and quality very poor and price high (3000 Euro)
They must compel suppliers to return damaged parts to us without having to make another purchase
insurance is always a selling point
it is still pretty hard to get protection from getting damaged by manufacturers
Seller will not care much about buyer's request and almost impossible to get refund or return
Excelente
Seller are not responding good once payment done they dnt care about you.
Allows better guarantee
I would recommend it because at lease you know that in case of an unfortunate situation your order is covered.
It facilitates my job and i can trust them
I will recommend because its easier and safer
? Show!!!
I would recommend
Trade assurance only favors the chinese sellers. Aliba is very aware that that many untrue and fraudelent sellers use it's platform to sell their bad service but alibab fails to do little about it. I am saying this with past experience with the furniture company i purchased nail tables from. this seller literarily destroyed my life! i am just recorvering now and i still see the seller on alibaba platform! that is bad .
good service
Seguridad
For piece of mind.
garbage no good
I do not find a good support from the user who bought 6 devices and the software it provides is not stable. They have the software in a cloud in China. For the software to work properly it should be on a better server in my country. They refuse to give it to me, so the equipment cannot be used correctly. I demand the refund of the money and that you accept the return of the purchase. otherwise they will give us the software to be able to make the operation of the equipment more stable. They only ask for money to solve the problem that corresponds to them.I need to start the claim for alibaba and I can't find a way
I would recommend because i haven't got any trouble with it. Its nice and refunds are quick.
The quality of the merchandise needs inprovement.
Je recommande Trade Assurance Service car cela nous permet de suivre pas à pas notre commande.
I would recommend it because of ease and smooth process/transaction
C
because it will help the customer to choose good quality products.
Trust
It engenders confidence in the prodcut and supply
Trade assurance is effective in my opinion, however for those items that are sealed that needs to sold in sealed state, trade assurance can no longer help in the process of replacement.
Because the trade is just a name for Alibaba to make money , nothing else . not accurate at all
I have submitted a refund request of order number 42325679001023988.Almost three weeks passed and nothing received. No money or ARN number to follow the bank.I have contacted the online service many time but nothing done from their side
They’re very fast and easy to contact
some  suppliers' do not reply
PROTECTION SECURITY.
There were small differences in the expectation of the sandals and what was received.
perfect
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is SAFE for both parties.
It builds loyalty and offers a source of communication between both parties
Hi
Excelence on service
Recieved faulty goods from Meiju lighting was my first purchase from alibaba, seller was not interested in resolving it, told me it was freight, my fault or a screw supply issue. Did not want to give me a refund even if I paid to ship back. Will never use Alibaba again unfortunately.
You money is protected and it is safe.
None.
seams safer
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because I feel better protected in making large international orders.
Good prices, very fast business!
goog
Because suppliers often have greater commercial advantages over buyers.
yes , I recomended is more easy
good prices and meet delivery
absolute must service
No hassles in buying, paying and receiving products accordingly
Well, I like the security of the purchase that it offers
I love them they are very professional and they have excellent products!!!
no i couldn't at this time.  For now, I feel like I am being looked after by someone who understands that this is a risky way to do business and companies aren't always forthcoming about their products.  This gives me a type of insurance against fraud and poor unreliable companies.
ok
The customer service rep kept in close contact with me the whole step of the way and I had no problems with delivery.
Highly rate Trade Assurance, its a very fast and secure method for payment
I would because I makes you feel some secure when making transactions.
My problem is that I don't have contact of alibaba.com (3C) in my country
Because i am having a dispute which cannot be resolved since almost 120 days, i am totally dissapointed from this situation for which our money is frozen so much timeProblem is still not resolved and today i have contacted my lawyer and gave him everything, so he can fill an escalation to the bank, because we are not getting any response from you !
It's good.
very good
I have claimed twice for an order I never received but nothing was doneI try to reopen the dispute but everything is so difficult complicated and long way to get to do it so in the end you get tired and give upgive up money you did not receive goods forthis is so unfair and disonest
alibaba is really good
No complaints
The service works fine
I had no satisfying solution for over 15 weeks of delay, + custom costs exceeding 50 % of the initial purchase. I will be the worst ambassador for both Alibaba and the brand in question
its  a secure place to make business
It is more safe, and easy way to buy products
Its a safety in case of wrong doing.
good service
It worked fine for me.
perfect design,  ezy to use
Very secure
Peace of mind!!!
very good and quick service!
I only used it once, but I felt comfortable; and I think it's safe.
bad service.
It's safe and secure. My only complain is the online transfer fee is way too high, it used to be free when choose online transfer option in sending payment.
nothing
so far the sellers delivered what they promised with lots of motivation to provide great customer service
because you know that your money is safe
It's safe and convenient.
the orders should be close when buyer confirm all are OK
i like to keep it a secret but do share with bussiness owners it is a great tool to get new products and ideas outside of what you may be use to ordering
The problem with 1 product quality was settled quickly. Sometimes the e-mails from another suppliers are little annoying
Easy to find products. Reasonable price. Very secure. The application user friendly, easy to use.
insurrance and reactivity of sellers
Very user friendly, vendors reply quickly.
i have two disspute, one that seller agreed to return the payment but still didnt received payment yet and another case that seller is lying we provide all info and support team ignored it all. and both sellers are gold ans certified !
Because the supplier has always kept me informed about my product and being reasonable for the difficulties that the whole world is experiencing, I understand any setback that they might have.
I Have recommended Alibaba to other people
variety of the prices is a good competitive market
With shipping taking longer now, local suppliers may offer better rates and delivery time frames.
Because it works! I only use Alibaba trade assurance on all my purchases.
All Good
safety
guarantee customer payment for the first time cooperation
Many of the traders that I contact do not bother to get back to me when I make an enquiry or an order.
It is abit complicated and longer the deliverytime.
I have gotten a lot of good materials through Alibaba and it has not failed me
N/a
i Ordered 100 pcs of wireless earphones but few had faults and the sound quality was worst and caused pain insde the ear. I know i should have done research but the suppliers must also tell us everything truly so may be we will pay bit extra but get the good quality ones.
i like very much alibabai fell safe making deals by alibaba because if for any reason something went wrong i know alibaba will help me solve the problem
I trust the Trade Assurance Traders.
Safe and reliable.
zero problem
A little hard to understand invoices. Other major reason is I heard from other users it's hard to get dispute through Trade Assurance.
A supplier screwed me for money with a directive product and alibaba would not assist.  I was told that because you couldn’t determine the problem that you are not going to force the seller to fix a broken machine.  I was offered $50 than $80 than $100 when this machine cost me $1200.   What kind of a sick joke is this? I will never ever in my life use alibaba again and I will make sure that everyone knows that you and your sellers are thieves.
there are many vendors to choose from, which cuts out half the work of i would have to do. they make it easy!
I purchased two different orders I received my order of 20 with my logo which I loved my second order I purchased 15 leggings and received only 5 it’s been well over a month I’ve reached out almost everyday filled a dispute the lady told me to cancel it because she was going to refund me only to send a message saying case closed and there not giving me anything I’ve spent 260.00 for 5 pairs of leggings this is fraud I missed my clothing launch party cause of this which ruined my birthday which was june 22nd i have kids I’m trying to start a business and this was the worse experience starting I could ever have
Excellent service
One of my suppliers did not ship the parcel.I started a case in Trade assurance.Trade assurance kept extending the deadline for the supplier to respond, until weeks later than agreed, the order arrived.I feel like Trade assurance has sided with the seller, and it is not a trustworthy service.
a serious and responsible company before its very good client
its very sure buy here
regular
The trade assurance service is a great option to make sure that you get the product that you bought. I strongly recommend it.
I am still learning.
el producto aun no me llega!!!!
la actualizacion del  envio no es exacta
Excellent attention.
in a dispute you can respond
The vendors never want to write an actual contract for samples.
Great service. It gives me more confidence to keep buying. But they must have support in Spanish.
very easy...surprised at how smooth it was.
It is a reliable and easy way to reach suppliers and be assured that goods will arrive with Alibaba's assurances. The only issue may be the amount of emails received from Alibaba when starting the process.
Evon Dai excelente servicio recomendado , muy amable a despejar todas las dudas ,EL MATERIAL LLEGO A TIEMPO, de calidad superior, Gracias no sera la primera vez que trabaje con ustedes.
great service
satisfied thus far,
It  protects me from fraudulent activities
it's reassuring
fast and easy
Sí lo recomiendo porque es más seguro hacer compras por la plataforma y siel producto no llega como lo esperabas o era de mala calidad ese servicio te es muy util
some of the online interface options and options on a mobile device and using the app do not work very well. I must use alibaba services from my computer only which can be challenging at times and sometimes causes a delay.  But for the most part I'm satisfied.
because I feel safe in the import
Takes a while to receive shipment
N/A
I wouldn’t.  I did not receive my product. There telling me I received itBut it’s in Milwaukee wi and I live in Michigan. Waited a month and a half
Great for finding an specific vendor.
so far, i have had not needed to use the Trade Assurance Service as my transaction are moving along with no problems
n/a
No
Security!
I don't understand what is Trade Assurance Service because I don't speak English very well
not sure how it works
Hi good dayI really like the way I can negotiate the purchase of products, since it not only refers to the technical sheet, but also to the possibility of generating queries and / or requesting changes, it is also a secure platform in terms of payments, for these reasons I give them 10 out of 10.;)Best regards
Would recommend but your transaction fees are really high
I disputed an order twice.  I never received my goods and the supplier has no idea where my goods are.  Alibaba marked the order as received each time I disputed it.  I have not received a refund or my order.
trattamento e serietà ottimi.
LOS VENDEDORES TARDAN EN RESPONDER
I still have not received my order however it is saying I’ve received my order. I need a refund
Ease of use and reliability
Alibaba : The only problem here in Europe is: We know what Jack Ma has encountered , so not so eager to order again.  But I am more practical  ok, the ccp  is known for these actions, but on the other side, Chinese companies  are producing better and better machines, compared with the situation of Japan   years ago.No need to change the website, it's good as it is now.
Sometimes manufacturers doesn?t
Please Mention Real manufacturers or traders
easy of access to it . we want it but make it easy to get
Fast shipping .
I’ll recommend because it’s safe transaction
bad post service
Until now I didn't experience anything negative.
its safe
The suppliers are great
FOR SURE I WOULD RECOMMEND
I love alibaba a lot and I will always recommend it, even so I do not like sellers that are not verified and if they do not have a secure purchase they should not have access to the sale is because they have scammed me 1 time
My husband George bought a Customized Aero Trex 3S Trike for $7340.00 and Eric May at 59 Sales and Service told us we cant buy thru Alibaba site and we have to buy it thru him directly. Now they are asking for more money and will not send me my Customized Aero Trex 3S Trike or give me a refund. It company on your site is a fraud. Eric May would not let me pay with Trade Assurance and I thought they were an OK company. They are the worst company on Alibaba.
1. Very low speed servers2. Only a single telephone number for SMS, while there should be at least 5 for companies that work in teams3. There should be email verification and not only phone SMS. This blocked us for a whole week and we lost businesses because of the primitive idea that only SMS verification is allowed.4. Worst customer help in the world. I spent hour trying to contact a human and when finally did, the first one closed the line, the second did not help and did not return. I don't think there is worse customer service in the world more than Alibaba. And the automatic help robot, is the worst in the world and never helps, just wastes time and makes you more nervous.5. The need to login newly each time, is very harassing and time consuming, Just a waste of time.6. The chat (messaging) is technically one of the worst I ever seen. It doesn't refresh properly. It is slow. It lacks many features, like forward, copy, compy conversation and many more.
None
Service is excellent
Trade Assurance will be more secure for customers if it has a regulation for misdeclaration of goods or undervaluing in the proforma invoice by the supplier. It has made a lot of problem for customers that are not aware that the supplier undervalued the order causing trouble for customers with our Bureau of Customs, even filing criminal cases with the customer because of the fault of supplier.
nil
safe
I would recommend Trade Assurance service because it’s a reliable service.
The whole process has been smooth and easy to use, with only a small learning curve.
I open a dispute with regards to my supplier not advising me properly and had to pay very high shippping charges. But the case just dissolved without anyone attending to it.
Good quality for a great price!
The app is easy to use.
very good
god service and easily accessible.
Easy contact
Easily find new items. Mostly getting answers in time
GOOD
i would recomand because is safe !
well, I've not needed it, but it makes a lot of sense!
I would recommend it because it gives you security in your purchases.
As I use, it is ok to buy from here and do a lot of help on my business. It's good and will recommend it people around me.
The order flow and method of getting quotes and turning them into orders is a lot harder to use than aliexpress
Marginó
safe trade with all companies ..
It is expensive
system is working as advertised
es seguro, rapido y la comunicacion con los proveedores es facil
Such bad customer service in terms of assurance, even though i had all the proof that the seller was in the wrong trade assurance service didnt help at all, very disappointed
Ability to find products that are not produced in our country
Due to provided protection
That's the reason we started using Alibaba! Before that you couldn't be sure that you would get what they promised as a lot of sellers are not truthful. This forces them to provide what they advertise or they don't get paid!
People answer very quickly anny kind of doubts. Also, they contact me by whatsapp. I fell like they really worry.
no
I like the service you provide, thank you
I really like your Website!
I would recommend Trade Assurance service because of the ease of paying the supplier.
i received good products, good quality, nice prices and the plataform is safe in my cases.
ok
no
SEAMLESS DEALINGS
Trade assurance is an excellent guarantee for buyers.
Extension time should be slighter larger
idont know
I feel like I'm protected
Great communication’nn
no
Trade assurance is a good thing .
Mejor comunicacion en espa?ol y envios minimos
I would recommend it
Received the wrong tracking number, wrong invoice to send to customs, information very slow.received actual tracking number the day that trade assurance automatically closed as complete when i still do not have goods. i still do not have it and have asked for the trade assurance to be open in case I do not get goods. please open up the trade assurance contract again if i need to claim. very disappointed.
hola
I have a case of dispute however the process of disputing is quite tedious and long process
I got great suppliers and help me with orders and delivery up to what I needed.
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service because it offers peace of mind when doing business with a manufacturer / supplier that is not in your same country.
Reliable
I would refer fast service , great quality
I feel like my money is safe with Trade Assurance, it provides such quick response to any situation.
Safe place to deal with supplier and almost everything is right there in front you.
Not been affected positively or negatively
.
fraudulent products
Would, because it adds an extra layer of security and assurance.
Great products & prices
i feel the transactions are safe
well I would refer them only because i had a WONDERFUL experience with CARERAYS.COMthe owner manager/Daisy did the best customer service i have ever received in my life time and beyond. excellent all around.but if it was from the customer rep that i spoke to with different store. their product end up being so expensive that i would have to triple my price here to make only the smallest return or i wouldn't sell any at all because i end up being to expensive to make a profit. from the people i asked a sample first, unless they change their attitude and explain their process, make sure its the right product before they ship and doesn't charge me more than what it is supposed to be then yes I would refer but right now it is a no and I'm considering not buying again. I'm still thinking about it.
because most the time consumers are not protected, many things go wrong and they are not ever addressed correctly.
Dear alibaba friends, I am going to open a dispute to a seller, due to supplier errors I do not have my product. I hope your trade guarantee returns my money.
Because some company's who are dealing with Alibaba are not Professional. they makes too much shipment delay and very slow responding. and most of items in Alibaba website you have to contact with Suppliers and this process it takes so much time just to making deals
Easier to do business when there is a security in place.
Payment warranty
It provides peace of mind as a customer especially when a valuable shipment is shipped over long distance.
My representitive LISA TANG was special. She walked me through every step of my purchase and explained everything fully. If she did not have the answer, she told me that she would find the answer and the same day, she would reply back.She is a blessing to her company and should be promoted.
,
what ever you need you will find it here
I highly recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is reliable and safe.
i like trade assurance. because, i feel secure. and know that alibaba will protect my investment.
Transaction worked very well. However, I got an email that it was cancelled a month after I successfully received the product.
I have only had one order as of now, I will wait for more orders before recommending to others.
The service grants a feeling of safety when doing business and is not hard to use
it gives you peace of mind that you will receive the goods.
Reliable Online Selling-Buying Transactions
It is the safest way of doing business online while making sure Alibaba has you covered for any possible circumstance that might happen
fantastic service
Fast
you can buy thing whole sale and not one by one also fast shipping
It is good already
easy, serious, complete, good communication
fast and reliable
Finding sellers is not very easy and sellers try to push you to buy products in a way that is not documented on the site.It is also not clear when it comes to import taxes and how it would impact the purchase so the buyer has to do all of the research them selves.
The price display is different when for order.
App is not working properly. Sellers are not replying to my inquiries
the prices is high and burden on us as customers
I did not get my order and I cannot track where it is. I need help.
It is really hard placing an order with a debit or credit card. I understand it is a security issue but there has to be an easier way to make payment via a debit or credit card...for instance a verified card/s on file ...on the account.
I highly recommend it
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service simply because I'm sure that my orders will arrive to me smoothly and I have assurance also that they will take care of my orders.
perfect
no
fast and secure service!
i bought something on alibaba last week and the thing is the product sucks! it is a waste of 200$ and in this situation 200$ is a big amount for us now the seller doesnt want me to return it. now i have a 200$ trash that i cant sell
no
Assurance when buying
I placed a order and then cancelled as the shipping was too expensive.I agreed the with supplier with out any problems of a refund,I then received from Alibaba a form on this matter which I could not fill in as it required a photograph ect of the item which i did not have.I received a message to say the item has been delivered,on checking the tracking it was delivered some where in Europe not to me.It seems to me to be a scam as this has been going on for months.I have a Blod with over 500,000 followers and growing weekly which consists companies and individuals that brows the internet for online suppliers, and as from today I will making these people know what problems they will encounter with Alibaba.and there suppliers.On the feedback I receive Chinese suppliers and the goods are not to be trusted.
I recommend it, because its extra safe
No problems
i would recommend because it is safe and secure. If you're not satisfied with the products, the return/ refund policy is easy to complete.
Huntsman Pest Control LTD, London. recommends Trade Assurance, as it is the safest way to buy. Thanks Alibaba.
great
have very good transactions
I have been waiting a very long time for a refund. The communication seems terrible. The people from trade assurance keep requesting me to upload a document that I have uploaded several times.
The company i ordered from scammed me, they sent me a fake tracking and my order never arrived and now i am having trouble getting a refund.
Payements are secured, most sellers are big compagnies
cheap
there is no deal in Spanish,the delivery times given by the supplier are false,the prices given by the supplier do not include taxes,no invoices with VAT
Some orders that were cancelled still came up as to be paid
hi
I would recommend it to assure that the seller is really connected with alibaba
Ease of use and security of transactions.
ok
I would recommend trade assurance service. Very good service
Quickness and Very Good Service
improve speed , do quality check , make it more user friendly.
Site language English, location Latvia - so far its acceptable, but then randomly appears RUSIAN language where is comfirmation of order and in other important places, LATVIA IS NOT RUSIA AS CHINA IS NOT USSR or is it? Think again.
languige very bad
I have not had to use it until now, sop I dont know how it works if a problem occur.
None
Since the corona virus we have received thousands of oils run out of the boxes delivered as the caps was not correctly closed. We have received 500 uv lamps with scratches and dirt and no one will take responsibility for it all thow we have taken videos and send pictures. 50000 face masks without the nessecary dokumentation of which masks we have received so we are not allowed to selll them. At the moment the chinese are impossible to do buisness with and it is coasting us a lot of money!!
the taxes are outrageous and then you have a trans action fee after the money is being spent.
Every step from the order to delivery was quick, precise and easy to follow.
Good
Payment gateway is terrible
A bit difficult to scroll in my alibaba
Easy to use, have Trade Assurance Service and have customer service will call to check if I made changes to my alibaba.com
No reasons
it is
maybe is expensive apply a waranty if you are other side of the world
Easy to communicate and abundance of suppliers
I would recommend Alibaba because of its user-friendly platform.
the product had a minor defect and the box which is important did as well
it is good, we can search everything here,
i have never get the order the supplier write a note that the shipment have been suspended
Shipping cost right now is high.Difficult to know the quality of what you receive.Each company sometimes may have similar images.
I have had great service so far and the products and the agents have been really good to us!
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because in the case if something would have gone wrong, this service would cover all your money invested.
Would: Ease of useWarning: Not reliable for the customer
Taxes at the end destination were not calculated into the final cost, I was overcharged for shipping and didn't receive a refund instead additional shipment sent to my home and it still has not arrived!
none
Very reliable, and peace of mind!
I think the trad assurance is absolutely fine.
hard to dispute, seller usually wins
Yes, i would recommend Trade Assurance Service :)
Nothing comes to mind
Very detailed and gives me peace of mind
It has been seemless so far and gives me confidence to purchase.
Fast
that is good
TODO ESTA BIEN
Good services
i recommend beacuse i so save i feel confident working with this page and asian people
Very reliable, easy to find good products.
Very easy to operate and negotiate with suppliers
bog a more security for us
Great prices for each product though the shipping cost will make you have second thoughts. On the other hand, the shipping cost is reasonable enough considering that the goods are tracked and safely delivered, and well, they get in their location in about two weeks (based on my area). The sales representatives are helpful and nice. Hope they would stay that way.
Trade Assurance Service gives peace of mind.
We were misled on a sale and it didn't help us at all.
It perfect for wholesale
easy order, fast shipping
Im not that familiar with it
chinese now how to manipulate sales, it was not possible for me to claim my money or order
It is very helpful and less risky
Reduces my risk and it's also fair to the supplier.
very safe process
NA
It was delay from the Courier end and no update from any where. This was really hard us to manage such a situation and team should be more proactive than today!!
nothing is  as thy telling
Good services
NOT IDEA
There is a discrimination on this service.
the service is very good and also the staff that sells the product is very attentive to your orders. I highly recommend the page.
i recomend trade assurance, because it protects your orders.
It gives me comfort to know that there is a standard with the supplier.
It has been very reliable
I would not recommend due to the fact that this is a platform for sellers not buyers.
With this trade assurance you're assured that all would be fine.
n/a
Is a good sistem
the supplier on chinese side doesn't use the platform
I do recommend for TT payment only. Alibaba Trade Assurance says that they accept LC but there is no any option like that!
most vendors have fast shipping but often customer service isn't great
Very good quality products. Exellent service and fast delivery.
I certainly  will recommend
I would recommend trade assurance when buying product from alibaba platform. Some companies on the platform however, i would not recommend. Some do not reply.
Unfortunately my package has not arrived.
The Trade Assurance service is secure, an indispensable tool for the buyer of goods.
Not sure if it really make a difference
You cannot officially conduct an insurance insurance service.
Easy to make
Because company resell my custom product they produced for me to the public after i paid for custom mold fee. Once i pay for mold it should be that only i can use my art work mold because i paid custom mold fee for my design.  It should be penalize for companies that sell one customer mold design to the public without their permition.
ok
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it give a safe feeling about the trade.
I would tell businesses to be careful with trade assurance and dealing with suppliers on Alibaba. I had a supplier do wrong by me and they still won the dispute even though I had clear evidence and messages that proved the supplier was in the wrong.
I would recommend to other people because it is very straight forward and easy to used.
no
the ALI trade assurance has no Image in Germany, this is a problem for many people..Paypal they know and use
Good
Trade Assurance is to protect the order But When we have problem we was spending so long with evident but finally was nothing.
The customer satisfaction Guarantee is great. Specially when I need to transfer 10,000+ to new supplier it's much easier to trust Trade Assurance rather than sending via bank or Agents.
Very Good custmer service
Very reliable.
no real support despite fraud and extortion of money from the supplier
Assurance to buy products from factories in China even if I make an order outside China
They are very professional.  We have worked with themFor years and the communication and the product is always excellent
yes
of no use. what they we dont understand and they dont response when you need them for help
It makes me feel protected against a company that is not ethical.
I?m still trying!!!
I think everyone needs to feel safe when making purchases particularly overseas. I have not had to claim a return on alibaba.com so I can't assure anyone on the reliability of the trade assurance service.
Some friend told they cannot pay by their credit card
My goods was received in perfect conditions and on time.
Vendors I have worked with have been worthy and pleasing.
not satisfied with the missing of an alert before ending the assurance
I would definitely recommend...I had a small miscommunication with my supplier,  chloe from Seaworld, but I have to say she handled it professionally,friendly inspite of my impatience  ..and that made me so happy...Also goods were delivered on time as promised..Great service..
I need a specific size for an urgent job and I was sent the wrong size.
Recommended. Good platform. Most sellers are legitimate. Some are not. You have to find the good ones. If you have a bad one...Alibaba is there.
Not easy to use.
zero support in disputes.... I am in the progress of one.. it taking long.
It is safe and guaranteed for the buyers. I prefer it.
trade assurance i would recommend
I have never had any problems very smooth operation - this gives me confidence.
Trad assurance is the best service in alibaba.
its good
good  goodgood  goodgood  goodgood  good
I would recommend Trade insurance because it is a safer way of doing business with a supplier until you build trust
I do not get notifications when a supplier tries to contact me and I have to sign in every time.
It works
Customer can buy with confidence the order will be guaranteed to be of quality.
just good service, no more I can say
I primarily deal with one supplier. They have been wonderful and I've never had any problem with them or their product and service so I've never used Trade Assurance. But I can see Trade Assurance being important to Alibaba members being new relationships with companies. I am starting to look at new opportunities on Alibaba in completely different categories and I'm glad Trade Assurance is available.
Transfer fees seem expensive and e-check takes too long.
It put me at ease when buying something
I would recommend the Commercial Warranty service for the security it provides when making a purchase between the supplier and the buyer, guaranteeing the delivery of what is requested and the time covered by this guarantee.
G
easy to use
inaccurate shipping dates. Wrong products shipped.
Alibaba is very convenient & has some of the best pricing. However, due to covid-19 & the products coming from overseas, you pay triple in shipping. Then you have to wait a month for production time & it to get to you. Also, it's inconvenient that even if you place everything in your cart at once... if it comes from separate suppliers you have to check out separately. It doesn't help that when you encounter a problem, Alibaba doesn't step in. They tell you to contact the supplier as if you haven't tried that 1st. They just need to protect the customer a lot more I feel. Lastly, when you place orders yourself versus the supplier drafts it for you & you just submitting your payment, you shouldn't be able to get different prices. They should be consistent.
nearly all my orders have as described apart from one
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it has been straight forward to use.
Alibaba has a lot of resources and are available to communicate with vendor directly.
quick and sure
The service on the whole is good but the questions are very black or white. I have requested a refund because a scooter arrived damaged. Before this I agreed to try to fit the part but the video they sent me to show how to do it was of a scooter without any other wiring. It is almost impossible to do the job without striping down the whole scooter but the company has responded differently. I do not seem to have a a way to respond a second time to what they have said.
i would recomende it cause its safe.
I haven't had any issues thus far
seguridad
Great service.
spedizzioni lunghe per il resto tutto ok
Everyone is fast and very helpful. The products as well are good quality.
vere good but late for ship
Process with Alibaba has been really smooth.
no Reason
good service, super fast and excelent quality
none
I bought 2 machines from a supplier, and the 2 were deconfigured and without any manual, one of them, a laser welding machine arrived damaged and does not work properly, the seller has only given excuses, the machine could not be used because the Company closed by COVID 19, the vendor makes excuses to send the damaged material.Order Number: 19822747001020748
Very friendly and quick customer service
I would recommend trade insurance to everyone for the first transactions. It very safe and and a good way to start a private label.
prompt service
Order No.29467114501024446  The seller said that they sent 13 boxes of products. I received only 12 boxes. There was no paperwork and no my signature. The seller couldn't prove the delivery of the product.Alibaba told me to prove that you received the product incomplete. There is no documents and no signature. How can I prove?  I sent you the photos.  The seller must prove that they have sent the order completely.  The seller could not prove that the order has been sent completely. Despite this, the seller was found right.
Very efficient and easy to use
it is safe so far
I now have un-authorized charges on my account from purchases made via Alibaba
easy to use
agents are helping
Trade Assurance is okay but allow buyer extend if item is yet to be received
is ok for me
good services
One can get specified items directly from manufacturers
Security, ease of use
It seems you no longer offer it for sales to america
Recoomend subject to  people responce and quality of service
The easy order process
Shipping is expensive, though I understand why.
It does not protect the buyer AT ALL.
safety first
Good company service
Excellent
I've never had to use it before, but it gives me confidence to pay by Alibaba
buyers are not compensated in case of a conflict with the sellers at all!!
Very safe and easy to work with this structure of business.
Il y a eu des frais de douanes qui n’étaient pas prévus. Le prix "de gros" n'est plus interressant.
The protection it provides allows you to shop and order with confidence and prevents fraud. It also makes the purchase process a lot smoother and simpler.
It is a fast and efficient tool for traders.
For Brazilian post office, the period of trade assurance is very short. Could be a little longer
The seller and the customer must be to comply with the deal.
Alibaba has performed fine. Some companies advertise through Alibaba but try to make you pay through other means with no guarantee. This reflects badly on Alibaba as well. When dealing with overseas companies, your trade assurance is what I appreciate. But allowing others to be on your site for no other reason than to draw customers away from Alibaba is a questionable practice that you are allowing.
Beacause, I have shown enough evidence, that one of my potential partners, is not making his business right, he lied about the shipment date and also about the agrred product qualifications. Now i'm still waiti ng for the refund and have to discus, but the evidence shows clearly that i'm right . No good assurance!
secure way to buy oversea
Very long delivery, some suppliers are not very conscientious
have not used this often enough to have opinion
no reason,  i feel comfortable with the TAS
Efficient and fast
Great service
no comments
Transaction cost are too high
machine reached with mulfunction then technician cant help much on Wechat communication.2- Transportion delay maybe due to MCO issue
I want to get helps from Alibaba but I dont find it.
not good results
Dependable
FOR YOUR SERVICE LOGISTICAL
Privacy is important to me
Reassurance that packages will be shipped in a timely fashion.
Security of transactions and reimbursements by a fairness and ethics fixed by ALIBABA on the default of suppliers after payment of the customer.
Serious, listening, but a can long
Not now.
I bought 4 samples from a supplier and everything has been wrong.
the dispute resolution
The trade assurance is a great peace of mind, considering one has to deal with some questionable suppliers.  My concern is really with the dispute resolution process, had twosituations and very dissatisfied with the outcomes.
Makes the transactions more smoother.
cause you protect my money in every purchase
because is very safe
easy to buy
The product is nice and the shipping is fast
It gives you a good level of security and my personal experience with Alibaba has been very good. It is normal to have issues when you make a purchase online, but Alibaba has always been very good at resolving issues for me.
Communication was the key factor in my enjoyment of working with my supplier. Their prompt response to any of my questions reassured me that they were willing to help in any way possible.
TraductionThey did not solve my problem, the supplier sent a B / L GLNL20060280 that did not exist with a Sofie Marsk shipping company, to which we agreed and we found with the unpleasant surprise that they did not have the B / L GLNL20060280 that the supplier provided us, leaving us more concerned, We do not feel that they helped us at any time, leaving us totally without any protection for which we pay, therefore we demand that the payment made to you and the supplier be returned to us since all information cannot be validated by the shipping company.
Fast service. No hassle. Great customer service
Because the price is issue, we can be understand in english, the delivery is exact,
Secure and prompt servie
Hi Price / percentage
The platform is good but i think there could be improvements which how the communcations between vendor and buyer can be enhanced, especially on the order creation aspect.
This is the second time my account has been blocked, for reasons I don't understand. It's outrageous.
you can foloowup your order, more security
Easy, Fast, Convenient!
we have requested trade assurance refund for FDA certified Face Masks which we purchased early in the year,  discovered once they arrived that they are counterfeit fake masks,  and Alibaba still hasn't refunded us for these  dangerous  counterfeit fake FDA certified masks. we are extremely disappointed with Alibaba, and Alibaba trade assurance as it is not assurance at all, it just shows dishonesty
secure trading method.
it keeps me feel safe from fraud
very easy
One problem:  Suppliers can mark a shipment as shipped when they have only entered shipping information, but not yet really shipped a parcel.  Shipped status should be set by courier company. Otherwise, very satisfied.
communication is hard for me with the seller
good
i vote Neither dissatisfied nor satisfied because some time is good service such as quickly reply or sometime is not
The products are not in order
doesnt protect my rights!
I have experienced very fast and kind service from Alibaba.
It works and makes things easier
Yes, for peace of mind
Because of unfair resolution process!
the transactions are quick and most of the suppliers are very helpful and responsive
товар не пришёл, поставщик обещал разобраться, заказ сам закрылся, и торговая гарантия закончилась, не понятно было время её действия. деньги пропали
easy and safer for would be buyers
it does not protect the buyer at all. why do buyers need the supplier to agree? of they wont agree if they are the ones who made a mistake or give poor quality products.
Good
because there is a time limit on apply for refund or complain. If my package arrives late
I need more tracking information.
As suggestion, please also insert total value include service charge. So that, it could be printed in one document only. Thanks.
All ready have recomended allibaba
n/a
I am recommend to you although the shipping cost for some products is too high for me, the products and customer service are very good. (The shipping cost does not allow to compete with you boy because on eBay or other selling site you sell really cheapy products with free shipping).
im very satisfied with everything
I would recommend it, because is a safe way to purchase a product.
safe, simply
You contract states :"Unless otherwise agreed by both Buyer and Seller, if the Trade Terms selected for this Contract is Free on Board (FOB) or Cost and Freight (CFR), then insurance is to be effected by Buyer at Buyer’s cost. Alternatively if the Trade Terms selected for this Contract is Cost, Insurance and Freight (CIF), then Seller must obtain insurance for the shipment at Seller’s cost."   However, all your Alibaba suppliers insist on EXW without even discussing the issue, and even when they charge me shipping for using their own delivery courier to send the goods to my freight forwarder in Guangzhou.   Some suppliers also charge me the admin fee which Alibaba charges them, and put them under shipping fees. So I pay the Alibaba admin fee twice.   Suppliers on Alibaba are very dishonest.
Great service
Because it takes too long to have my questions answered.
Someone gave me a fake product
I ordered product in September. A label wasn't created until 10/13 and it still has not been given to FedEx for delivery.
I've ordered a shirt through Alibaba. The supplier sent gray color shirt, but I've ordered black color(on the site was displayed "black color"). I've complained the supplier but they didn't accept my opinion and I contacted Trade Assurance Service, but finally they didn't solve the problem. They just told me that discuss with the supplier and trade assurance service closed the problem. I don't understand trade assurance service's support. Trade assurance service had to face the problem sincerely.
Security of funds transfer
very quick and easy
People are silly not to use it.
.
Great service!
Using a company with Trade Assurance just makes you feel like your purchase is protected against fraudulent companies. I wouldn't even consider using a company that didn't have it.
It gives buyers a peace of mind while dealing with sellers from all over the world
the website is too clunky and slow to load
I was notified that the coverage was terminated while I was still in discussions with the vendor about a problem with the item.
The customer service is pretty good, the interface is user friendly and easy to use and the options are really good.
It's clear what you can expect and in case of questions, the answers come quick.
Sometimes items are received that are broken are not according to the order and you don't have the ability to replace them. This can make for a short order or a bad impression if I'm supposed to supply a certain amount.
Security when buying from sellers.
e
Very quick and easy.
I love it because it  a safety net for me as a business owner as well for the vendors that I purchase from.
Professionally handled the order
So far , my transaction are okay, but it gives me surety and trust.  Need more supplier with better communication
I did not receive the item and I did not get my money back, it was poured on me
Alibaba sides with the seller even in the face of outright fraud and false advertising. Which is expected of a vendor in China.  Card chargebacks are the true resolution.
excelente servicio, buena calidad producto.
best services, great for business
Becausse is very saffely
Price, business rating, wide choice of quality items.
Reliable
Too Manu Selling same items. Its a jungle to find the correct producer.
Smooth transaction
Good Service
trade assurance is costly and does not protect buyers. i had a failed transacvtion last time and over a year now but i didnt get my money back
I'm not sure how it works or if I have benefited from it or not.
Trade assurance is supposed to protect the buyer for good quality and products being delivered on time. I have raised a dispute with a supplier and they are responding to the dispute in chinese and I cant read chinese. The person from alibaba looking after my case Justin did not even acknowledge my full complaint. I was lied to about a product from a supplier and he is siding with them. Im beyond unhappy and will not be using alibaba for future purchases. I will be going via a company that really looks after the buyer and not seller.
If there is really
Trade insurance gives you the confidence to buy from suppliers on Alibaba since you know if there is an issue it will be resolved.
Credibility - Professional - Accuracy
Its guaranteed so keep up the good work. Good job!
I have made an order and I did not received my product since the supplier send it by bad shipment company and I lost of 1000 $
Exceptional customer service and willingness to go beyond to ensure I received the desired results. I also felt comfortable working with my particular vendor and safe to do a financial transaction. I trusted that I would receive a quality product based upon the consistent quality service I received. The specifics of what's included in the unit price of an item could be clearer.
fully recommend
An insurance service that protect our money from fraud trade
I have bought from many websites, and the one that has given me the best service and prices is Alibaba, with Alibaba I have never had problems due to the shipping waiting time, they usually arrive on time or earlier than agreed. Also, trade assurance gives me a lot of security, always before buying I verify that the seller offers trade assurance.
Good so far, haven't had enough experience with it yet.
It's like my safety net if anything goes wrong with products
Great place to buy wholesale for a fair price.
The company that I have worked with is wonderful. They were very responsive and have worked with me the whole way through.
best price and service
Quality is good sometimes
GARANTIZA TU COMPRA AL 100%
The prices are good. The shipping can be better. overall i enjoy shopping here.
I will not buy anything without trade assurance
I would recommend the service because is efficent and quickly
Its a good service
tuve 2 experiencias, mis proveedores fallaron y nunca me devolvio el dinero el TRADE INSURANCE
Demora en contacto con el proveedor
Makes you confident when ordering that everything will go fine
costs are lower to produce overseas
easy, fast, and great customer service
Have had issues with requests for quotes being issued as orders on a number of occasions
So far the service has been great. I love it
PORQUE NO ES JUSTO QUE COBREN TANTO
I trust Alibaba trade Insurance
I like the display and pricing of all the products. I also like communicating with the suppliers. But, I don't like the SHIPPING FEES ARE TOO EXPENSIVE! And I don't like waiting so mucg for Shipping weight, and dimensions of product to be able to seek better shipping Costs.  I also find the Alibaba Shipping potal difficult to use. So I try to avoid it. And I like that I can immediately see what you charge for shipping to Canada, on the Suppliers page but I am not sure if it is trust worthy, or why I need to go to Alibaba Shipping to get the cost of shipping. So I feel confused and uncertain as to what to do.
The price of Freight is very spensive, and the answer are complicated I only buy with the back of Alibaba but some seller want me to pay with bitcoins an I can pay with Visa .
The shipment arrived 1 day before expected.
Communication is strained, pictures are most times not honestly represented and fabric of merchandise is sometimes disappointing. It's a hit or miss type of transaction.
easy to use
Excellent service, trust and security of your orders
Be ashamed! You have no word, you have no service and you have no commitment to your customers. Money comes and goes, I lost money You have lost a customer that I will not buy from you anymore. I wish you to use the money you stole from me for medicine
Trade assurance gives the buyer the assurance needed to guarantee product quality and above all, that buyer's money will not be lost
safety
Make payment more flexible and try more online payment accounts for developing countries
.
Just unsure about scams if any may occur.
There was a continued communication with the supplier answering all my questions and concerns.  The order that was placed was shipped in a timely manner.
gave me confidence
Easy, fast and they have the necessary information to buy safely. they met the delivery deadlines.
great service and fast
to many scammers on the site. Need to do a better job with security and ban any users trying to communicate outside of app
There is no reason not to recommend it.
The seller stated that my order was shipped and I kept tracking the order until it said it was delivered but nothing was delivered. Asking for the refund of my money
I recommend it for the direct contact between buyer and seller
responsibility
Trade Assurance Service is complete and very sure.
I didn't receive my product
Payment is expensive, the fees are really high, which is why I'm deducting some points.
They didnt help me negociate more than i negociate already myself
I trust the process
Can't comment right know, need to have experience to this feature.
everything was good
Good quality product , excellent customer service and the website simple to use.
N/A
Very Nice Service.
makes you feel safer placing orders
Trade Assurance, gives me the security in the transaction/trade.
None
the companies make it very hard to work with, the shipping is to expensive and most of the time is not on time.
Yes, I would recommend it as it guarantees a full refund of my money.
Quick, easy and smooth transaction. My representative was very professional
there are very Kindly of course i can recomend
no recibir respuestas veridicas, confiables y oportunas
shipping was fast , got my tracking number and the item showed up very quickly
excellent products
Very safe.  High quality.
Convenient for paying
I have found one seller so far and she is great communication.
It worked quite smoothly for my samples.
I don't have conversations with my friends about Trade Assurance that often.
quality is good
Very Well and safety
Safe Transaction Service
Suppliers who did not issue a refund and still  have not shipped the items are been embolden by Alibaba. Supplier Jenny Wei has still not shipped the three wigs Alibaba did not give the refund for. I have been waiting over 2 months now.
Interface, tracking, communication, website all very clunky and unresponsive.
One particular vendor taking forever to send my order
Best excellent warranty service
It does not include Paypal as a payment option
SELLER WAS VERY RESPONSIVE.
very slow and dont understand english
I wish I could establish the trade assurance to 45 days since from the origin of the purchase to my country it takes even 60 days to deliver the product
They always email and let you know the status of your order.
not applicable
i recommend a trade assurance   it is benifict for the buyer
can not process any payment
Transaction was quick with no complications.
vcx
The cost and variability of products
QUICK AND EASY , GREAT CHOICE
I still learning
Because I like everything I have order
I filed a dispute and no matter how much evidence I upload showing illegal customs documents submitted by the seller, extra fees paid that were never discussed neither approved, and receipt of moldy, nasty, ripped, holes merchandise, all Alibaba dispute agent does is protect the seller and tell me they will refund $180 (versus almost $7000 I paid for a Trade Assurance transaction. There is NO ASSURANCE! Alibaba only cares about their chinese sellers and will NOT protect the buyers.
Great first experience, I would more likely use it in the near future.
We ended up in dispute once. If solution is not found between business partner - Alibaba automatically ends the case to the favour of supplier without any review.
I'm very skeptical of making an order from overseas, but trade assurance has lessened my concerns a lot when I make an order on Alibaba.
Safe feeling
it's an absolute gem to work with Alibaba trade Assurance. The most trusted dealing where we are total secure with the payment with all the privacy and also gives the benefit of refund.
my orders arrived in a timely manner even if there was a strong typhoon. the products were also in good condition when it was delivered.
I have a really bad experience with a supplier. I lost lot of money due to overcost.
good seller
This is the best platform where seller and buyer can reach agreement.
chip and best good
GOOD
Easy to operate platform and low prices.
evf dc
Trade Assurance is fantastic!  I am just worried about my privacy and the integrity of Alibaba handling my personal data. Also the UX is a little bit lacking and crude.
Customer service and product quality.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!???!!!!!!!
it does not provide any protection and stands by seller even I provided all proofs package not delivered
none
No reasons. It's ok as it is.
Quick and secure services
A lot of quality products from manufacturers at wholesale prices.
standards
The payment lint isn't user friendly.
When we do not know the financial status of a company, the trade assurance gives us more confidence to purchase
no
GOOD
great communication
I am waiting for any update regarding our refund for 1680USD and still no answer from anyone.  Seller scammed us and made us pay to some Company unreasonable destination fees which she never agreed with us and we are waiting for our money back, when can we get it?
fast service. good prices
I like trade assurance, it makes us feel that the manufacturers we buy from will honor the order.
service was great and very responsive
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because I can trust Alibaba and the factory when I order products. especially order from overseas.
The service is ok and secure
All suppliers have been reliable and professional, deliveries have arrived promptly
I would recommend, because it is much simpler than the old version.
n/a
i ordered dental stuff from  a dealer she sent me half of the order and ran away i cant get her i filed a complaint and did not get anything you are scamming your clients this never happens in amazon or ebay
-
Great Product at Good prices
SOME OF THE REPLIES ARE TAKING A WHILE
There's tons of affordable things to buy & sell.
I would recommend it
i'm not happy with delivering time . if i buy something  that i need possible quick. my last order is frozen over 5 days in hong kong . this is a some jock.
It takes a long time to process funds
Informative site that
thank you
I can find almost everything i need from ablibaba.
Sometimes it's hard to
It's nearly impossible to be covered.
Once someone else's order was sent instead of mine, but this is the fault of the delivery service.   The last order was completed by the Alibaba system a week after the order, as proof of the tracking file was provided from the site https://www.17track.net/zh-cn, my check showed that the order is still in transit and I actually received the order after another 5 weeks.
yes,i  would recommend
I do not recommend buying for this page, it has no regulation of electronic products in Mexico, it has a big problem with piracy issues.
i always felt safe
thank god someone knows how to do business right this is the best website ever for finding products.
Great product and Service!
Good service
So far I have had great communication and am happy with the quality of my purchases.
It has not happened to me on Alibaba yet, but on AliExpress some sellers do not respect the chosen shipping method. This brings problems in countries like Argentina where the standard mail is badly handled by the state mail and they do not usually deliver them. And only after 90 days one can get the money back.
yes
Your UI is terrible. Everyone talks about how unintuitive your platform is. You are the leader and to stay the leader you really need to work on the UI.
exceeded my expectation so was really pleasantly surprised how much thought has been out into this service.
The first and only order I placed, the company did not deliver the amount of product I paid for. Articles were missing. And it is a shame that Alibaba does not help to resolve these situations.
I have been trying to get the Net 60 from Alibaba but have not had anyone contact me with the info to get this going.
I think if your wanting to create your own brand or product. This is the place to do.
Fast shipping, responsibility
For the most part the Sellers are honest and complete orders in a timely manner.
It makes me feel secure and more likely to do business here
the shipping fee is very very high
Quality, good service, and kind operators ??
Very good and trustworthy
i recomend it, it works great
didnt refund me
i had a dispute with a supplier and i lost money and the goods i was supoose to receive were not delivered and Alibaba did nothing about it.
rapid delivery
great service peace of mind
shipping costs are really high, and it's very difficult to negotiate properly with businesses. They make it very difficult in terms of shipping, explaining what it is about, and in every order i have had problems with missing parts of the items I've ordered such as inner plugs in lipstick or mascara.   I really hope you can solve some of these problems soon, other than that, it is a very easy to navigate platform and i can see wide range of products which is really good for my business.   I wish there could also be more sustainable options and less MOQ for smaller businesses who are starting like me.
need human interaction. don't want a computer to help
It worked as promised. I felt safe ordering.
I like the little overhead within the whole buying process
:)
Excellent and good services.
.
Apply time for refund is currently 30 days on  Trade Assurance Service. This time is not enough usually. Because shipper may pick orders up late or shipping time may be more than 40 days. In this case, I am losing my refund rights. Please increase applying time for refund.  Thanks.
its a good and profitable business, makes yourself entrepreneur and active, its a good thing if I recommend to other customers. very friendly service
Alibaba has been very good to us. It is what keeps our business afloat.  Alibaba is one of our biggest business advantages against our competitors.  If they will be able to learn how to use your services, we can no longer compete and will have to close down.
security is awesome
Because it is the only way that you can buy with guarantee never happened noting wrong until now but i bet on this will be solve if i need ( i hope )
ok
I would recommend,  It felt safe.
So far I have not had any issues with Trade Assurance
N/A
EXCELLENT
the credit card payment is quite high
I feel confident using Trade Alibaba Assurance Services. For the feeling that the items I ordered are of good quality and dependable.
It is decent and easy to use.
I am very please with the transaction I have done in this website. The seller is very helpful and friendly which made the transaction very easy. Also, it was someone recommend to me for use this service. After I tried, I would recommend to others too.
good
Trade assurance is really reliable, fast and hassle free. I always enjoy using it.
Suppliers have been good on agreeing to refunds when needed.
Trade assurance offers peace of mind.
It is an aid to avoid scams
I feel secure paying and knowing that if something is not right, it will be fixed
Trade Assurance gives confidence in dealing with and purchasing from suppliers.
for business opportunities
All my transactions were perfect except the last time that I request a refund after a non professional seller. Refund was not approved at the end and I am very disappointed
It was not clear what the cost or benefit was.
It does not provide good protection
Very bad experience
one feels completely fooled as a trader concerning the prices!!!!! whether i buy a larger quantity at alibaba as a dealer or every piece separately at aliexpress. the price is almost the same. cheekiness
No protection for buyers. I purchased earrings from a supplier who claimed the pearls were real but they were fake but you cannot help me get my money back. The supplier misrepresented the goods fraudulently and I have no recourse.
money back guarantee so we feel safe in buying the products.
its a great resource, ive been using it since 2005
its fast, its also cheaper . the rates are good
trade assurance Is straightforward
It feels secure
Easy to use
Neutral at the moment, but I may have to get a refund on my product if a product data sheet is not available for me to sell my product.
Affordability
It works very well
on ebay it would take a month to arrive but alibaba 10 days
I had a few products that I had problems with that could have been handled better. I still have the products but can't use them. I think the supplier should have refunded the money or sent a second item. Then they probably would have gotten more orders from me.
No reasons at this time
safer option
I would recommend  Trade Assurance  Service to my friends because, it give you security over the things you are buying and your are safe of getting your things delivered without any issue.
change staff
In one of the recent shipments carrier lost several boxes and forwarder refused to cooperate. After I filed claim, Ali demanded some sort of proof from ME that 2 boxes were NOT delivered. I provided images from warehouse but was told to ITEMIZE each of the 45 boxes, to come up with track numbers of missing 2 boxes. That would have required enormous amount of my time and was NOT commensurate with the amount of loss. I suggested small adjustment to compensate me for 2 boxes BUT Ali rejected and declined that proposal.  Your TAS is NOT worth what you claim.
the idea of trade assurance is good,  but i don't see much value other than an additional charge with very little service involved.  when i calculate this cost along with high shipping prices i feel that their are better market options currently
I found my supplier to be excellent with great communication and the whole process exceeded my expectations.
easy fast simple
Overall uneasy and not very intuitive.
It allows me to feel secure while dealing with unknow suppliers overseas
I would not recommend because it's hard to find straight manufacture agents. Most people here are middleman and charge a lot of money for their product which make sense for us. It's better to find another platform where you deal only with manufacture.
I had an issue on Calipers that we received from a vendor.   First samples were good.   When we received the Order approximately 30 % of the Items were defective and Alibaba had no means of returning items I or crediting us for thebad goods.
had an issue with a supplier and Trade assurance did not do anything
there are some wholes
I dont know any who need this
Product I received is not working properly, payment has already been send to seller who now does not really want to help.
System automatically updates an order as received even though it's not
cheap and more different style
Some suppliers take days
bank charges need to be considered
shipping is ridiculously high
You reduce the risk that something goes wrong on the one or the other side of the contract.
the guarantees you offer are NOT real.
The trust you build among vendors are very high and make them sure the client is very important to satisfy
no i would recommend
I placed an order with a company and half of my order is not correct and I cannot sell these products. The company doesn't want to know anything about giving me a refund or sending me back a well-made product. I made a dispute with Alibaba and according to you my order is OK. I don't believe you would like to receive an unsaleable product and get stuck with it when you're starting a business. I am really not satisfied.
Excellent service
Safe and protected against scams or fraudulent transactions.
Easy to apply
/
It is hard to get help from custom service,
good service
would. more assurance on payment and after goods arrive.
I would recommend it because it is the largest trading platform in Asia and it provides financial guarantees.
I would recommend people with caution because sometimes you don't get the goods exactly the way you ordered them.  What they show in the picture is not what you receive and people have this general opinion about online products from China!
no
We are a UK company, sometimes details are lost in translation - shipping samples is usually extremely expensive - this may be the standard price but it is  very expensive for a small packet.- this puts people off - it put us off for a very long time.
too long waiting time
interface not good. Not easy to find history of payment including transaction fees
Its safe
efficient and very easy to use. just wish communication was better - time difference is sometimes a problem but acceptable
too expensive
It seems it is not guaranteed, and the initial response is "Work it out with the supplier"
Alibaba must stand in the middle when dispute happens between seller and buyer. But Alibaba stood for the seller.
I have not had to result in using many of the trade assurance features because all orders have gone rather well. If in the future, I do end up using it though, I know it will impress me.
This is my personal matter
This is the good platform , good for both buyer & seller to connect & protect both of them!
Trade assurance allows suppliers to send the wrong products, ali baba trade assurance does not care if product is the wrong description
Quality of the products
I dont like additional comissions
security and efficiency
easy payment process
Easy and reliable.
good ! protect buyer rights
I will recommend due to acceptable online presence,
Long shipping time for low quality items.
could improve
For large purchases I think it is a must
Changes more than Paypal and less information given than others. Does not e-mail information like others ervices.
Pro: platform for business owner  Con: still need further improvement on the platform to remove those scam inquiry.
Secure payment and can make refund when needed.
the Company Shenzen Qianxi Intelligent Technology Co.,Ltd. I feel scammed by them because the products they sent me were not the agreed ones and they do not want to give me a solution for more than 1 month, the seller is Lawerence Huang, I feel very disappointed
the follow
Improve chat.
Assurances given are great, as a buyer that is reassuring!
Very secure.
Your messaging function is really bad. I need to be able to delete messages or archive easier
great response from distributors!
Order was delivered to a completely different country.
they take their time to return your money if there is an issue.  They just want to be complete and thorough.  They are not trying to rip you off.
More fees involved, had to pay extra shipping.
I have not had experience of buying by alibaba, the contacts that I have had with suppliers have not been effective in the negotiation, nor in the attention to the client.
Is a great plataform to make bussines, very trust
i would bc it good service and product. only shipping a little to long.
I don't have enough experience to weigh in on this.
Because if there is an issue with the supplier I can get some assistance in resolving the problem.
Because keep secure the goods or my money is esential when doing bussines.
I recently had to check in every single rope after over 10 clients returned their ropes because they had the wrong hardware at the end of the rope. The factory acknowledged it and I am still waiting for replacements this factory ruined my brand
some shippement is to expensief,  slow in reaction new shop 2-3 months.   maby will AMINATA go to China next year wants help for less expensief shippement thanks   ,want persons ho are correct
Gives you peace of mind when ordering.
Trade assurance is not perfect, if your goods come in bad condition, you will usually get only part of the refund, since you are unable to prove that the supplier sent a broken device.
I have not received my goods, however Trade Assurance has closed the order as if it was complete. I do understand that the product is being shipped internationally therefore appropriate time should be given for items to be shipped. The order was closed prematurely.
excelente app
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service to anyone. It is very easy to use
NA
a good mechanism to ensure the safety of your payment and it ensure you receive the products specified in the quote in both quality and number.
.
My problem was resolved very efficiently.
This program had been great for my personal experience.  I have not had too many issues but when I did, the trade assurance representative helped me get resolution
there is no way to contact you other that chat
Reliable
because easy to shop for certain items
I pay for it, but i think is is very expensive
Esay way to make bussiness , security,
I recommend Trade assurance
because it is fast and accurate
Easy ordering process
Trade Assurance is very important to ensure quality.
There should be how to verify real sellers to fake sellers thereby one will not fall prey. Then other currency should be acceptable like Chinese rememby (RMB) for those who can source it because getting US dollars sometimes to fund trade is very difficult most especially from country like Nigeria.  There should also be a means of verifying originality of a true manufacture/sellers to improve confidence on doing online trade on Alibaba. That is create a data base of all verified sellers/manufacturer on site so that prospective  Alibaba trader can search for authentication purposes.
good sevice, makes feels save doing transactions online
The sellers cheat the system esp in india
Too trouble
Gives security for upfront payments.
For first time I made big order from CN, everything was ok.
I recive a device with verry bad quality, and from the dhl was also broken. i loos 1200.- not assurance!!! i hate this no contact center no help!!!
You have protection for what you have ordered
it is a good option to protect yourself from fraud
It gave me peace of mind, and confidence that the supplier is a real deal and have all the best intentions to deliver goods and provide best possible support.
it works good
I didn't receive the product. The order was not completed. And Ali Baba displays "product delivered" and the order is completed.
you do not follow orders and I did lost more than $10,000 and Alibaba protect their sellers which were lying and stelling
SITE TOO DIFFICULT TO NAVIGATE
safe
have not used it yet.
n o comments
я заказала 3 аппарата у одного продавца, один аппарат совсем плохо работает. Сначала кавитация не работала но мы это исправили. Далее начали работать Rf лифтинг и выяснилось что ручка очень бьет током даже на самой минимальной мощности. Продавец перестал отвечать на мои сообщения. Сейчас аппарат совсем не работает а именно не работает Rf лица,тела и rf вакуум. отправила видео и так никто мне не ответил. Почему нет гарантии на аппарат?! Прошел всего месяц а аппарат уже сломан!
our suppliers charge us more to cover Alibaba commission
N/A
I would Recommend because I experienced good/satisfactorily professional traders here.
situation: payment of money and cancellation of the contract / transaction by the seller
safe
The refund I was promised was incorrect. No one has returned my emails.
I buy from here and resell well
Yes, thanks
lo recomenadaria porque tienen un excelente servicio, con unos vendedores con mucha capacidad de servicios
Prompt service, fast shipping, precise description of product and very good packaging.
It provides the safety net and confidence for doing business onlline.
I have bee let down by Alibaba dispute i had with supplier, they send me goods that fall apart or do not work and Alibaba only want to refund cost of the product which is a small amount , freight is the most expensive cost If manufacturer sends me product and it does not work they should refund the whole amount, give  customer refund on product and shipping, this is the suppliers fault not mine
because the agent was communicating with me all along until my order reach me.  and off cause the product arrived in time.
i clicked the wrong box, i am very satisfied
nice interaction with providers
Easy to use, but some of the english is hard to understand
Customer Service is great!
I think we need to have more transparency on what the fees are. Also is it a little difficult to navigate and get know where the payment. The page could be more clear.  Speed of payment is good.
The system is very friendly and gives you complete peace of mind
It is a concern placing orders overseas for the first time. Trade Assurance helps to alleviate those concerns.
It give me security in my buyments.
We had paid deposit for Automatic Disposable Face Mask making machine. Machine was not to specification and failed inspection. When contacted Trade Assurance, only answer we got for weeks, was try and work it out with Vendor. When no agreement could be reached with Vendor and tries Trade Assurance to intervein. We were told that our claim was rejected. I am sure nobody at trade assurance even went thru all the evidence we had submitted including contract, specification and inspection report.  To me Trade Assurance is a  joke and a ploy to sell Alibaba service as secure and fair service to customers like us as long as we don't have to use Trade Assurance to resolve an issue.
price
I had a quality issue with one supplier and trade assurance did not protect me
I pay a order in baolen jewelry, the seller send the order to another city, in this moment the order send to the seller and he dont give me my money and you dont help me,
so far no issues all orders filled as planed
I tried it, I payed for it (not cheap), at the end some of the products (it was a test shipment) arrived broken, I had to solve it in a good way with the supplier.
User friendly
he encontrado los productos que me sirven
Good communication and good service.
I love it! it is helping me build my brand
Very professional, and user friendly website.
Still waiting for an incorrect order to be solved I have not received money nor products. not very happy about the slooooow process.
I recommend trade assurance because it protects our payments is a guarantee for customers
very convenient and safe
Secure, fast, trustable, a lot of options from where to chose
a
It is very safe.
I always recommend Trade Assurance Service to my clients and friends.  It is the first thing I look for when looking for a seller.  I feel at ease that way
I recommend trade assurance because the service helps you make safe purchases.
trade assurance is a joke
Well, I ordered a gray suit but I received brown suit. I am trying to return it for my refund. Unfortunate Alibaba rather listen to the vendor than me. I still need my refund. Also, i need the address to return the item.
thanks
The shipping time is for me a reason to buy somewere in Europe.
works smoothly
EASILY PAY VIA CREDIT CARD
so far the company I have bought from very well, good deal
I will recommend it, because it gives me more insurance and less risk
all clear, safe and easy
Excellent communication and fast service.
I definitely recommend it. because it is safe
I really like alibaba but some search parameters are weird. Also the website is extremely slow. It doesn't load pictures or videos.  The website navigation and interface speed are my biggest problem with Alibaba.  My second problem would be that 99% of the time the prices listed on the item I see and then get a quote for it are always extremely different. I can not ever take in consideration the price on the ad. It's never going to be the same.
Seller has ignored me several times hair is very tatty and sheds excessive amounts for curly hair
fast shipping
Hard to navigate the system and understand how to get from point a to point b.
I would recommend it because it makes me feel that I have another level of security. But in all honestly I have tried to understand it and I still do not really know the benefits.  I only use vendors that offer it.
The only reason I wouldn't is the shipping costs but that is Alibaba's fault
Good service
n/a
Most of the companies are oke ,but 1 made me feel so miserable . The have send me 80 damaged products and the will not solve this problem properly ....Runmei import and export co  is called this company . The way they treat people is very bad and made me loose my confident in the Alibaba platform .
If gives the buyer the security.
no
I purchased using trade assurance, i did not receive my goods and trade insurance did not protect me back. I lost my money
Sellers forcing Trade Assurance fees in the price.
I would highly recommend the trade assurance service it is just another layer of pretention for both parties.
im making alot of order with trade assurance.1 supplier made me big loses of money over 15000 usd and you dont back me up.and their is clear photos of damages
no comment
this is secure and great service
Assurance that my payment is save until I confirm my order
No resolvieron ningun problema y tengo mas de 92 unidades defectuososas
Alibaba es igual a envios largos. Se que no tienen nada que ver con los envios perocuando hago un pago o un pedido, se tardan en procesar el paquete mas de los que se tarda el transportista en entregar el paquete.
I am satisfied with Trade Assurance Service! I would like to see in the future the distribution of Trade Assurance Service for the warranty period of the goods
User interface needs to be improved
great staff happy buyer AAAAAA
peace of mind
None
I would recommend Alibaba to fellow small business owners because there are so many products and good bulk prices.
i had a bad experinece with a trade assurance order and still haven't received my refund. very difficult to communicate with customer service and they werent very helpful
Some UK businesses are not good at communicating outside of English and have a superiority complex.
i am not sure yet how this work
No reason
i will recommand it
Communication with some representatives has been slow and because of time differences I had to wait 12 to 16 hours to get an answer. I know that this is only because of office hours but some people are not as patient.   Everything else has been great, most of the representatives are professional and willing to help which is what I look for when buying stock for my business.
Can't trust. didn't play any role when supplier cheated with my order. Dispute moderator was biased towards supplier. even supplier was not responding during given time. And taking t buyer on phone call than portal.
easy payment
No help on something i received which was not good
there are so many dishonest sellers and I cant find a way to report them When you allow these scammers to go unchecked it damages your reputation and the reputation of the good companies  Most common thing is you find the listing you want and a good price, then you enquire and they quote you 4-10 times the price You ask why the price is higher than their listing states and they say oh its a mistake, price is wrong  They just put a low ball price to scam you in to contact  Its very frustrating
It takes the fear of buying out.
it is fair deal
I haven't run into any problems where I needed it. But I like knowing that I am protected if something does happen. It keeps suppliers honest and accountable so the buyer wants to keep coming back.
all Good Ok...
I would recommend it to confirm good receipt of the funds we send since we often worry about hackers. It assures me that the supplier in question is legit. Very important to me.
I had 2 bad experiences buying fake batteries - I lost $10,000 and you found in favour of seller.
because it cannot resolve a minor issue such as refund with supplier
I would recommend it as it provides surety to both parties.
na
Not able to use for international buyers, and the User Interface is very clunky.   Requirement to have buyers acknowledge shipment received puts too much of a disadvantage to sellers.
Good, Trade Assurance Service.
if wrong quality, or any trouble, we can be guaranteed for the quality. Its necessary.
no
very easy to use and the vendor replies quickly and understandably well with the language barrier.
Need away where we can choose shipping and how to ship
Todo es excelente y rapido
Honestly, the prices are advertised are pretty decent BUT then the shipping is WAY too expensive & makes it too expensive to resell. DHGate is much cheaper with free shipping, great prices, great products & little to no customs charges.
It is obvious from my experience that the trade assurance service is a waste of time. When I tried to make a claim, the system did no let me submit it for a number of weeks. At the same time, everytime I  attempted to make a claim, the supplier contacted me, which makes me think that Alibaba sends a notification to the supplier everytime someone tries to make a claim. The supplier simply dragged the process on until it was too late to claim.
Communication is slightly confusing.  I am solicited and those messages are mixed in with manufacturers whom I'm asking questions.  It gets crowded.  They need to be in two different areas of the website.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service.
excelente
The App is not user friendly
My only experience with trade assurance is incomplete.
I tried to pay first with a debit card which was rejected. Tried to pay with TT
Security and confidence with your order
I have a twist with a supplier and the team at Alibaba dont take it seriously and sends ready-written emails instead of getting to grips with the case. Very disappointed.
positive,yes
Good Retailer but the Warehouse person has to communicate with the Retailer better.
I get the impression that many of the businesses on here are wholesalers and not manufacturers. That is concerning to me when taking reliability into account.
we made a trial order (samples, 10 pcs) to check quality and usability. The goods weren't usable. Nevertheless the supplier could keep the payment and needn't take back his goods or needed to replace them. We lost a lot of money, trusting in "Trade Asurance"
Trade assurance service I believe covers your products If lost, damaged or stolen.
I would not recommend because they are not fair, when one claims something with all the necessary evidence, the one who analyzes the case is always more in favor of the seller and not the client, it has happened to me that a supplier told me a weight of 10 kg, however weight 6.44 kg a difference in weight that I charge as freight, he told me by DHL and I send it by FEDEX, also missing 0 | 1 product and 05 units were damaged and the person assigned to the case ruled that since the supplier did not say anything, that is why he could not give a conclusion despite the clear evidence, they defend a thief that is not correct. Please CHECK  49291563001024834  order. BURGLARS
ok
I Sent proof and video and pictures to the trade assurance  the way it was packaged from the seller, the seller sent some generic pictures which i showed in my pictures that my product was not packaged the same , they shipped VIA sea and then once in US they shipped with UPS, the trade assurance asked for me to get damage assessment for the shipping company which would be UPS  .  UPS does not give damage assessment also the product was packaged poorly but the problem was the item we received was not quality product and we showed on the video the damage had nothing to do with shipping it was the product, I am supper upset about the final outcome and it is the lost of alibaba and the seller as i would have bought many more items as i am a retailer and buy products all the time,  Trade assurance does not do there job good or correctly but i think it may be the language barrier as they do not understand the problem.  Very very dissatisfied with the whole process
very good
buyer protection poor
I WOULD recommend it to everyone, I've been happy with the service
Ease of use
i want to them be able enjoy the pleasure of shopping on alibaba.
The problem, is I started an order with the compagny OPETE SPORTS with the boss Keven  Business & Marketing Manager DongGuan Opete Sporting Goods Co.,Ltd.  Skype:live:keven_265 Tel:+86-769-89775778 Mobile: +86 18666477707 Web: http://opetesports.en.alibaba.com I have paid the 40% deposite 14'050 USD mean 5'620 USD and Opete Sports keeps my money and never made the order!!  I have all proof ! Bank split, bank proof... all.  And Opete Sports stay a "gold supplier" on Alibaba... I am under shock.  All email, wechat, message I have sent, never the boss give me an answer. And Keven never use Alibaba Trade Assurance. It's a shame.  It was a scam for me with Opete sports.  You can see, I work a lot with Alibaba and other supplier. All use the Trade Assurance, but someone like Opete Sports no...  How I can have my money back? It's from 2018 I try to have it with Opete Sport and no any answer, and no solution with Alibaba...  Please help me! Thanks a lot! Have a nice day.
Your online platform is really help me to find good suppliers to trade with each other easily.
Whatever material i received its not upto the mark. out of 7 different company i received 2 okay material (Nether Good or Bad). Same material i can buy in 1/2 the price within my country and with good quality of cloth.  1 still not dispatch. requested today for refund. How the material look on website is not the same and also very expensive compare to my country. If i will buy expensive cloth than how i will sell or do business.
Not really sure at the moment as this is the first time making a purchase. And I realised the seller did mentioned MOQ and when I made purchase, they don't accept. I thought, it is just online purchase and we just make order. But some how they changed the MOQ qty or giving reason they have agent selling in my area. But if it is online purchase, and if seller has put the MOQ and purchaser can purchase with the MOQ stated, it suppose to just accept the order and process. Thank you.
n/a
It feels more safe. Until now I didn't us alibaba because too many stories about bad service.
The supplier fooled me in the shipping process. He stabbed me behind me. Betrayed me. The supplier said the shipping cost to your country is $ 500. When the goods arrived, he did not pay the shipping cost. He cheated on me and betrayed me. This is the Chinese. Advice for anyone who wants to ship from China. The Chinese are not honest. A site on Alibaba concerns the buyer What he is interested in completing the sale even if the goods are deficient I advise everyone who wants to deal with shipping local shipping companies located in your country and stay away from suppliers because they are thieves Yes, you know, why did Alibaba's name Alibaba tell the thieves because they are already prohibited. No one from Alibaba helped me and the supplier deceived me and the freight forced me to double the value of the goods. This is fraud. He used to say adding the shipping value in the delivery value is cheating from the supplier, but room that Alibaba with the supplier is not with the buyer
Competition
The fee is big, for buyer and seller, and buyer must pay Alibaba fee for seller as well
Placed an order for 200 units,  paid half, then tried to pay other half and alibaba would not accept a perfectly good credit card.  Never gave a reason.  While we were trying to figure out problem (was definitely NOT with the card) supplier stated he needed to raise an agreed price by 30%. So will ship only 70% of the agreed order and we now need to cancel the other half because of a problem with alibaba payment system and the price increase.
Es seguro y confiable.
some time I feel like the supplier are more protect the buyers. some suppliers don't have trade Assurance if something goes wrong they have to refund or fix the problem.
The product from supplier 12180401203201008909624464556 does not work  Order Number: 56748670501020197
GOOD ITEMS
It takes time to learn your away aroun the site as well as all the information to consider when working with a supplier.  The time difference has also been a challenge.
I got my merchandise pretty fast. I ordered from another site on the same day and I still haven't gotten it. Its been a month.
complicated          -  dispute information not in english, need english please
Ali baba has the most secure transactions ever. And it has got tons of great suppliers that we can contact and get the best possible product at the best possible price.
I would recommend it because it has good products
ITs always in favour of sellers and the sellers know this, so they end you inferious goods and tell you no way Alibaba will refund you.
Many sellers play on the fact that the buyer is not properly informed so he can put poor quality or when the object is stuck at customs for example when the seller knew very well that he was not going. not pass
Never had a problem and often use Alibaba to purchase items to re sell
your amazing
direct interaction with suppliers is great.
i had a disagreement with a vendor because the product was defected, after a long time of back and fort, instead of a full refund, Alibaba sided with the vendor and i was forced to take a $30 compensation, which was less than the value of the product.
Very pleased with my beads! Great communication!
it is very secure and fast
Je pense que c'est important d'être couvert par une assurance.
I'm dealing with a very unfortunate situation on Alibaba. My $1500 order keeps getting changed and delayed and I'm beginning to think this whole platform is dangerous financially.
Great product! Selling well!
The communication is horrible.  I worked very hard to make sure that a product would arrive on time, and in spite of my best efforts to get a clear answer, the products shipped late.
I would
assurance purposes
my payment failt ....it has been a week now....I uploaded my id,credit,bills three times now.... it failt ....
good guilty.
Alibaba has no right to ask me to verify my identity. My bank verifys my payment this is not for alibaba to do.
I would recommend the trade assurance service if the supplier knew anything about it! My supplier had no idea what it was!
easy to use
Interface and app speed need to be better
Rapid accurate service 24/7/365
You guys promise much but when I had problems with a supplier no-one of you put even a tiny effort to undestand the problem.
Certain products that i ordered before was broken completely and called Alibaba but could not get any help.
Very simple and reassuring since you communicate first with the seller.
i felt secure and i knew my items that ive ordered was coming to me.
convenient and safe
YOU GUYS ARE NOT LETTING ME MAKE PAYMENTS WITH MY Apple Pay
Good to find competitive supplier.
TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE IS VERY RELIABLE IN MAKING SURE EVERYTHING IS LEGIT
Don't take into account official evidence of the buyer
no
I will recommend due to Trade Assurance will protect our item purchase and give us more confident with alibaba
it is the highest quality assurance that you can actually depend on.
Most of your vendors don't offer it. I made several inquiries where it shows trade assurance only to find the supplier said no when attempting to process an order. And now that I know most of your suppliers aren't even legitimate, I won't process an order through Alibaba without it.
I didnt have any problems
it's very good.
The only problem is sometimes shipping throws off the entire order... I wish there were more / cheaper shipping options.
I would recommend it, I feel my money is safe so I only buy seller that have trade assurance service
It is no difficult to find what i am looking for, and it's very simple to get in touch with the suppliers
I LOVE THE SERVICES
It is always a worry that someone would take your money and end up with no product. Alibaba is such a safe way to buy in bulk and have things customised.
good
Cost
Great communication and quality work
you guys are helpful
I would recommend to someone else but the only thing is that my stuff took to long to come
I recommend TRADE ASSURANCE to other buyers, as you're trading with people you don't know, but there's actually someone, somewhere and somehow that is watching and protecting your invested funds, so you can relax seatback and wait for the goods to be delivered.
Yes, I recomemend Trade Assurance Service because it is buy with security with a suplier.
Que no cubra el costo de envio (flete) en los reembolsos
safety
i would recommend it, feel my shipment is safe
Very easy and the assurance makes me feel more comfortable in dealing with companies I can't see in person.
N/A
Kind of gives you an additional
Too many broken promises.   Prices quoted and then when I decide to buy the price is increased.   Shipped to the wrong state. Paid for shipping to Los Angeles, California and then I had to pay another $1500.00 after arrival which went back to the China shipping company. China does not understand customer service. Americans want to be treated fairly and not pay for the mistakes of the seller.  Then the buyer will continue to buy from a seller that will do exactly what they promise.  Doing business has many different parts.  Buying items is only a very small part, but very important part. It is very difficult to buy from China.  If someone could make this process work, they would have great success. Chinese sellers need to hire an American to help them set up a system to sell.  This will take time and expense in the beginning, but Americans are loyal buyers and will order again and again from a seller that delivers what they promise , when they promise for the price they promised. This is because the buying is then one less problem.
yes recomend this service
I WOULD RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE IT GIVES ME SECURITY AND PEACE OF MIND WHEN MAKING TRANSACTIONS
confusing on expectations and orders come in at random times
Fast, easy and reliable.
It gets the buyers protected even for a fraction of a cost
Trade Assurance doesn't protect buyers at all. People be aware to buy from this website
I am yet to receive my goods after 2 weeks or ordering
I feel secure ordering through trade assurance.
my items got to in a timely clean and safe fashion
N/A
Its reliable, and that's important enough by itself.
This was a tiny sample order and did not really need the trade assurance
safe
The Trade Assurance is easy to use, fast and reliable
it do not work. i tried... is no assurance. i get right product with wrong dimensions. and when i ask alibalba to help me... i was denied... no good service trade assurance. alibalba b2b very good.
very easy and safe
It is a very good tool to get products at good prices
Prefer to work directly with the manufacturer and cut additional fees charged for transactions with Alibaba.
PROS huge range of products  CONS price indications is often too wide
It coyld be more time since sea shipping takes a long time for the products to get to the buyer
Financial trade security reasons
No idea what it is
i do not know what it did for my order Order was fine
Very easy to use and reliable.
Easy to search the suppliers :-)
Is a good service as it covers
Trade Assurance make buyer easier to trust the seller.
It feels more secure
By the moment I never had a problem with the shipment, may be could be recommendable in expensive products
Easy and convenient. Cost effective.
High rate credit card
bucause i'm not try it
More protection for the rights of buyers.
no reason
It think it gives me peace of mind
Long wait periods.
It has a great policy for customers
Very Easy to Use plus offers security with ordering
:)
Nil
ok
Always nice to deal with nice people
this is a much better way to use Alibaba takes the confusion and uncertainty out of the purchase
We loss a shipment because the supplier rote the name of our company. Error was from the supplier or Alibaba. We pay the insurance twice due to an error from the supplier. And... we never were refund!
could find out all what i need. Payment safe, product come safe. Good service
I really like working with supplier gold and verified suppliers. They make alibaba great because it provides assurance.
easy to USE
Because I ordered some machines and they arrived broken.  And after I protested to Alibaba they could not help me.  And I talked to the vendor and they didn't want to help me either.
Seller is very helpful.
I trust this service.  It seems to be working well.
Helpful
so far great people i have
I would highly receommend Trade Assurance because It make me feel safe to place any order. Please keep this and keeping better and better.
Because its safe
I would recommend it to any American skeptical of shopping on alibaba
secured transaction
expensive fees
es mas seguro para hacer compras desde México, pues la inversión esta protegida
A number of your companies are only interested in making the sale, however when one has to make a product complaint after the transactions are complete I find the cooperation a disgrace,and one does not have a direct email address of website contact facilitates to accelerate the complaint beyond the sales agent
I will recomend because I experienced sales person to ask me to pay without trade assurance service, when I received the product it didn't meet the requirements as described. Sales person denied compensating his error, and I had no place to complain
No matter what online service is provided, online shopping will always leave a little feeling of fear.  That said, what impressed me was the ability to track the parcel through a third party better than I could, in addition to allowing multiple payments to secure orders.  To clarify, it is not because I wouldn't recommend Alibaba to anyone after how somewhat-smooth the process was: But rather I do not know enough people to recommend it to others.
there are issues with the trailer parts and paint and electrical components not suitable for use in my country and were described as if correct for USA.  The towbar is very unsafe to use when pulling and the paint job was very poor and has bubbles of paint at front , side and back of trailer. This issues were not  noted on the quick inspection.
Por que no me quieren regresar el dinero en productos que nunca recibi.
Trust. Comfort.
Great communication, wholesalers I interacted with were Transparent with product, shipping, and cost. The staff of wholesaler company ensured and validated all questions and concerns. I like the trade assurance Alibaba has.
reliable and efficient
Check my whole dispute and you will understand.
It is good if the OST is appropriate for the needs of the items
This can be a very complex ordering system! It doesn't help when the commuincation is misinterpreted. Pricing and shipping cost should be VERY CLEAR before checkout!
Because I have had no news of the products I purchased for weeks, they are suppose to be in the country, but I have no information at all
provides good and detailed service
I liked the service.
creates a trust in putting money down before receiving products.
its good for feedback
no
ok aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Order was completed before I even receive the packages.
So far I have been pleased with the service provided to me.
It offers a sense of security, although I haven't had any problem that would require Alibaba to step in to resolve any case on Trade Assurance terms. The downside is the expensive fee.
Reliable and fast.
wonderful
easy to use and good value for money
The only point that is not good is, that there is no service for automated invoice download. That would be great.
I would not recommend paying for alibaba since the process to make claims or disputes is not valid, it does not allow the process to be carried out, therefore it does not guarantee what it promises with the commercial guarantee
I recommend using trade assurance service, because your orders are protect, you have the ability to track and communicate in a timely manner to the supplier, great service.
Fast, reliable, safe.
It protects the buyer and ensures you get good quality products
Peace of mind that the company is striving to keep scams away from customers.
They add no value
Is it not part of the sevice?
trade assurance is good, and recommendable, but it is really hard to find a good supplier oem.
Safety
fast and security
I find the navigation very confusing
Kangaroo organization as  China is
Because you can find everything
I just do not agree with how much shipping cost is. Its excessive I paid 2000 for shipping and I will never do that again, but I didn't notice.
I had a problem with a supplier not sending quality goods. It was VERY clear the supplier sent a VERY cheap version of an necklace. it didn't look anything like the picture they advertised.   I had to go back and forth dozens of times with the seller and Trade Assurance customer service.  They kept wanting me to take partial payment and keep the goods. I could not sell the goods! I threw them in the garbage. Not to mentiuon all the money I lost from not having necklaces to sell.   The process took over a month and so much energy and time that I don't have.  I finally got most of my money back, but what The Trade Assurance rep told me in the end is what really bothers me. She told me it  was a "one time" courtesy refund. So if I have another problem the Trade Assurance won't apply to me?! ?  What kind of Trade Assurance is this??
Because it's very reassuring to feel secure regarding the payment.
Seguimiento muchas veces no es claro
Although the vendor shipped the product on time and correctly, the shipment was delayed in transit (slow customs clearance, delivery address errors, etc), so even with one extension of the deivery time, the product arrived after the Trade Assurance time scales.  Even if I could not extend it a second time automatically, it would have been nice to be able to speak to/message someone to extend the time again.  Also, within the Trade Assurance platform, I saw no tracking information at all.  Although I feel more secure using Trade Assurance, I am not really sure what service or real value it provided in my case.
A good bit of peace of mind.
We dont usually talk about purchase like this
You find almost everything at vert attractive prices.  Nevertheless, the quality is often not what is expected and it is difficult to understand each other
good
it gives me piece of mind knowing that my order is protected from unscrupulous sellers and that i will have assistance in making any claims/dispute
non
it feels safa and assured
I feel safe using this form of payment and I am weel informed as to the progress of the order
more secure way
The supplier has lost my order. He convinced me that everything would be fine, but after 90 days he stopped responding to messages and I can’t do anything about it. What do i do?
Foe safety of the payments. i would request you to come up with some payment solutions like Pay in RMB to Chinese suppliers from local agent and update on Alibaba.com
It is the only protection for both client and product provider.
Dispute team are not reachable and they do not understand us at all. Always with the seller! I would like if Alibaba can check this issue. Thanks
Good service and the trade assurance is peace of mind. The whole process from manufacture to arrival works great.
As a buyer here in phillipines, im using a 3rd party freight forwarder, please do extend the trade insurance in express shipping, because my freight forwarder tooks 15 to 25 days to deliver the goods here in my country, your express shipping is only 15 days, make it 30 days in order us to be happy with your service :D
I have got good sellers for my product from Alibaba. So I recommend this website for business.
The three companies I have deal with were great, but unfortunately the last company I was trying to purchase certain items just won't respond or if they did they did not responded to my questions.  A nobusiness attitude  and being rude by not responding  in a timely manner or not respond at all in spite of my efforts for  almost a month to make contact with such company.
I have felt very well protected with Trade Assurance.
I bought off these people before great service
My biggest complaint is the dispute process, because I had the worst experience ever.
I have a problem with my order and the supplier is not communicate with me
No comment.
expensive but necessary
the first time I ordered a spent $3,000 US dollars worth of clothes and all. the clothes came bad quality don't look like the pictures it wasn't what I expected the measurements were off 3 years later and I still have the products I want able to sell. now I tried another vendor and I feel like he's over charging me
I haven't tried Trade Assurance Service for a long time.
excellent products!!
n/a
My last order arrive with the product not working, and after countless complaints in the trade assurance service site, I didn't get any help with the problems in the products that I purchase. Every one of the scooters chargers that I have received with the electric scooters blow up after few minutes of been connected to the scooters. Also the electric scooter were not as describe in the specs. I ask for and address to send the product back and get my full payment refund. The manufacturer didn't answer me . The trade assurance service neither. The guarantee purchase proteccion offer by the trade assurance service is false, just an scam to make the customer feel protected, when in fact, if any problem arise after the purchase, The Trade assurance service will protect the manufacturer regardless of misconduct from the seller.
I had an order that was not at all correct and it's obvious. It's so difficult to get a resolution.
I would recommend using the Trade Assurance service because it gives you the security of not falling for scams
its lit.
There is no Trade assurance.  i bought something never received it and you closed my refund request for absolutely no reason. you are criminals.
I would recommend trade assurance. Especially for us we run though products quite quickly and need that assurance
Very quick and easy to do
bad experience some delivery problem  Responsability transfered to customer before they have item in hand... no respect of eu rules and the delivery is unde responsability of sender ...not receiver....
products are very good quality
Been with them for a long while now service is always great
All ok
It's fast organized Sure
I appreciate that you hold funds until enough time has passed to ensure products and services have been adequately provided. I also appreciate the simplicity and security of purchasing through your provider link.
I just feel that the site needs to be a little easier on the eyes as far as navigation, and a smoother process with speaking with vendors. The language barriers sometimes get in the way of that process.
Transaction through Alibaba is not entirely clear. The seller or Alibaba must talk to the buyer about all costs when making a transaction. While I had repeatedly asked the seller about the costs, she had said that I only had to pay the VET, but when I received the shoes at the British customs I paid ?4,500 for the clearance and the price of the shoes became so high that I can not sell.
Very comfortable
I am able to easily follow on with my orders and shipments.
avec une assurance , nous sommes plus en confiance que nos achats serons couvert si jamais il n`arrive pas destination .
There is no one to contact when there an issue with a Chinese or other supplier. And why do you let funds flow to them until the purchaser confirms receipt?
good products, good prices
realice un reclamo y me pidieron una prueba y solo me dieron 48 horas para poder subir el video una total perdida de dinero
Well I can not complain about your trade assurance, on the other hand I did never order without it. So it is hard to compare...
super
i ordered a scooter and STILL have not received it yet
you are trustworthy
Poor help of some seller and high duty tax
Very effective
I just made 1 buy, so I don't know how to use it, but maybe take a look on the transaction if they are taking long time. Because they could be some problems before ship the goods.
GREAT SERVICE AND FAST DELIVERER
Good
I dont use it
So far I am having a good experience!
Because I was in a dispute, I wrote my arguments as well as my seller but after 2 arguments each one it was obvious we weren't arriving to any deal, so I let the time goes so Alibaba intervene, instead  of doing something you sent me an email saying I was agreeing with my seller and that was all!!!! So the trade assurance isn't a guarantee of your intervention as a middle man.
it is ok to use the trade assurance service, but depends on the order condition, and what we need. Alibaba is ok to find the good suppliers online, but the real buyers like us I think not easy for suppliers. One of my supplier talked a lot to me. All good experience.If we need, we will use it, if not, we will not use it. All depends the demand.
GOOD
Trusting and safe
Would always recommend it as you know you will get the quality of product
more fast in system for message
I like the Trade Assurance Service but I don't like how I added product monitoring service and I get very little info or actual support in following up on my supplier. They have delayed my products for months now and I am behind schedule on my product launch and I can't get a clear reason and no one from Alibaba product monitoring gave me any more info even when I emailed about. If there are delays I thought that paying for product monitoring could help me get more info on why the production is delayed so much.
Payments are not done it takes to much time to contact banks and banks say its alibaba waste of time to buy items
Trade Assurance would definitely be a recommendation.
At no point was I given the option to extend holding funds in escrow, Alibaba released the funds without first asking if I had even received the order. I was not expecting I need to continually follow up on pending orders.   Especially now with shipments being slow due to Covid-19, releasing funds prematurely has caused problems for me and the vendor - YOU released the funds without first checking with me; I have NOT yet received my order and I would have released the funds myself if I had received the products.  You need to fix this system before I would recommend you to anyone.
Securing value of order against uncertainty is nice.  But careful vendor selection and test order largely eliminates the need when dealing with established vendors.
i would recommend it.
Have purchased good products and have purchased some very bad products that i could not sell
ok
I Think having trade assurance is essential to ensure confidence in a transaction and to know there is support should anything go wrong.
did not give me a option for delivery address
I would recommend it for the good service of the seller and the shipping time. I like having received the tracking number as soon as I made the purchase, instead, I received it after about 8 days. I also find it important that they highlight verified sellers and have a refund policy.
For the most part it is very reliable. The quality of products is the only thing I have learned you can't always rely on to be what you expected so ordering samples is a must.
I really trust it
I would recommend Trade Assurance Se
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service to others because Ive used it and its perfect
Alibaba do the follow up and is honest ,that is good qualities for business.
It is important to have protections in place when buying. It clearly gives buyers more confidence knowing that if something happens that wasn't in their favor, it will be handled.
It gives me security
none
Communication with vendors is very difficult. Shipping issues are rampant. Customs issues getting into the country on large shipments are issues.
because trade Assurance is useless , they are not even listenning to the buyer during dispute
nunca  recibí el reembolso de un pedido cancelado
The process can be a little confusing, along with the wide variety of shipping prices from the same areas.
It would be nice if the stores give information in regards the shipment costs asn taxes
It is a very secure and efficient payment method for everyone!
Helpful to know that my order is protected
Easy website
I would recommend it because it guarantees an efficient en secure way of doing business.
Friendly services
These type of escrow companies are necessary when dealing with companies from out of the country. It makes the companies follow through with there promisses.
It's a good service
I believe the service is perfect.
Its not the easiest platform to navigate
I ordered a product and returned it due to heavy custom charges imposed which are equal to the product price.I asked for refund and alibaba just ignored everything and didn't refunded.They took the money.I wrote a mail to alibaba and they didn't cared.no proper response.
quick reaction to the problem, securing the transaction
Because Parcel was taken by customs, no refund.
I am currently having a bad experience with a supplier who is trying to cheat me. currently in dispute,   I have bought so much from Alibaba to be treated this way.
Ideal for a stable business!
its mental Satisfaction that your money is in save hands
I think Trade Assurance Service is great, gives peace of mind.
It is more safe. in case of scamming it can be a financial disaster for customer. so i prefer trade assurance in all cases.
good
It is a great service so I do recommend customers take advantage of the protections given with Trade Assurance.
Its safe and convenient option.
its good service
have not used
Every order has been insured and comforting to both buyer and seller!
My refund was processed quickly through Trade Assurance
good products and cheap
Very nice platform to grow the business
It gives us a satisfaction that our money is in safe hands and the supplier will take care of our order.
I have had only good experiences with the manufacturers here on alibaba. They are very professional and deliver high quality products with great customer service.
Always works!
Trade assurance should be more strict for sellers and provide additional piece of mind to the buyers
The factories do not deliver on their expected dates.
It take a long time, and my equipment came damaged
It's insurance
You are very clear, thank you for your service
reliable
si lo recomendaría por que el única forma de garantizar una transacción de tal forma que el cliente quede satisfecho y el proveedor pueda ganar mas reputación y así seguir con las negociaciones.
some products received match the description but the quality at times are not great.
easy to work with even with language barrier,
no
To keep the good deals or me :)
The Deliveryshop do the right job.All is perfect. The goods is arrivied.Thanks also Alibaba
not applicable
I would recommend it because it gives me peace of mind and I like accountability!
Thanks
Hace que me sienta tranquilo y seguro con mis inversiones.
dispute  take too long  to be resolved
this system has dragged out my first order for more than 3 month
It gives me comfort and peace of mind
Trade assurance is OK, but really not too much sure. i'm back to have some trade. but i was not sure because of some bad experiences.
the trade assurance offers a peace of mind when doing business deals that may potentially go wrong.
I made my first order and had no problems.  Easy to use.
Good and comfortable.
It is seamless and secure.
easy to use; quality
I will recommend it as it is easy and quick to transfer money, i would not recommend it as its charges are too higher and some suppliers ask for their commission charged by alibaba trade assurance
for safety better used trade assurance
this assurance is for me like a warranty as supplier
It seems a safer way to accomplish international deals.
Very fast and for me I find the parts I'm looking for
Great price. Good product
I am very satisfied and would recommend a lot.
GOOD
It is added piece of mind that you will get what you ordered and if you don't you are protected.
Its good for buyer
The process is so smooth and the trader is very nice for the first-time user like me
They canceled my order after purchase
I would recommend it as it protects both parties
I recommend it for the security that alibaba provides for a correct business with stores in China
When I pay, my supplier get the money very soon. So I can get my goods faster
Yes I would
is a good choice
It gives buyer confidence in making purchase knowing their fund is secured in case seller is fraudulent.
I would recommend it
Its easy and secure!
Good site
I am dissatisfied with the service because it can only make two payments and I have a payment pending, I got a failed payment, and I tried many times for several days and I could not make the payment, I was discouraged and ended up canceling that payment and I was sad
I did not receive the product
Because there are always doubts, as a customer who buys products, I would like to know the deals that sellers make with companies such as DHL, FEDEX, EMS, UPS express, others, that is, in terms of the transport price that sellers charge us, if really It is the sum we pay is what they pay to the transport companies, and so that we can also limit something to the transport service treatment, such as wanting the door-to-door transport service plus customs clearance service, or simply just transfer Because I say this is because all the products that I always buy are ordered by DHL transport and when the products arrive in my country I have to pay the DHL products for customs clearance, and that causes me to waste time processing by calling.
por la confianza y seguridad comercial
no comment
very easy and simple
never got any of my items
it is reassuring to know that you are protected by Alibaba.
this is a site where you can buy things in big quantities so the problem would be that there are some posts from retailers I think you should be have more control about that.
I have had no issues so far buying from alibaba.
because the most of one not show real prices
I feel protect from Trade Assurance. I sure can buy security mode
Don't work. anything that you buy and have wrong especification, have to be possible to change or have a refund. That is the Trade Assurance but in my case was not like that.
to early to say
Because there is no assurance in Trade Assurance. In my refund request, your employee found that my claim was valid and the seller should pay. They did not. So, I am left with a credit. I appreciate the credit, but it means I have to buy something to rectify the previous purchase failure.
When I tried to use the trade service for a dispute, there was no manner to communicate. Alibaba rejected my claim for reasons that had nothing to do with the reason I requested a refund from the supplier. They either must have ignored my reasons, or did not understand. I am very disapointed with this service.  If Alibaba charges me to provide this service, they should provide the service.
Great customer service!!
Un site ou le service litige est pas correct prend tout son temps et vol les client pour défendre ses vendeurs une honte
n/a
Not sure yet ,i got scammed , and i will dispute , if alibaba refund me then trade assurance, is worth it
nill
My only hesitation is that I am not totally sure what "Trade Assurance" is.  My experience on Alibaba has been excellent and I am very happy with the platform.  It is great to get to connect with manufacturers directly.
I recommend for guarantees
I have an order that was never received. I opened a claim months ago and there has been no resolution from Alibaba. I have provided all the necessary proof showing that I paid and never received my order. The claim is still open with no resolution from Alibaba. There seems to be little options on what to do next to escalate this issue. I need my money back! Alibaba should have done something and resolved this. I am not confident in placing orders through Alibaba again.
Because I have some recourse if my product is not satisfactory.
It was hard to understand their messages.
I've never had a problem and I feel as if my money is safe while orchestrating orders.
service worked as promised.
none
I recommend it because it is an extra guarantee.
yo lo recomiendo 100%, porque a traves del trade assurance, nos da una garantia en la compra de nuestros productos, donde se respeta un contrato comercial, por cantidad, calidad y rapidez en el envio de la mercaderia.
i have not had problems dealing with traders in this site.
Great service
We feel more secure
Service sérieux et rapide.Un arrangement rapide a été proposé
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it gives you the security to venture into new businesses.
Trade Assurance seems positive to me, but I have dealt with exceptional suppliers who have excellent services, products, and are very responsive and reliable, so I don't particularly feel at risk.  I suppose this is a good thing:  On one hand, I do not feel at risk because I have come to trust in our suppliers/partners; on the other hand, it is likely because of Alibaba's Trade Assurance that we are blessed to deal with partners/suppliers who have high integrity.  Trade Assurance is integral to what makes Alibaba a reliable marketplace, but I don't typically think of it as a separate service.  It is integral to the overall experience with Alibaba.
Fast, easy to communicate even some supplier very look down to customer but just got small amount of them and most suppliers are warmly welcome to customer.
the shipment arrived promptly and the product was very satisfying.
I would definitely recommend as a safety measure.
Simple to use...Never had any problems.......All good here
Alibaba always makes things difficult, complicated and always favors the Chinese supplier.
90% supplier product failure  with one supplier  but dipute gone favour of scammer. dispute team not consider my requst that is adding more video and did ask for link but never replied for that and took decision favour of scammer. Now i am thinking to deal with supplier may be not much different
I received last week the goods, after 4 months shipping time. I could not leave a review, because the 'order was completed' in the system back in July. Trade assurance also closed in July, even though I had to wait another two months for the goods.
trustable
I would definitely recommend Trade Assurance Service, as this will help both parties get protected.
I never need it the Trade Assurance, so i am not the right person who can tell something about it.
some
No
Keep the buyer and seller protected and gives us confidence in using AliBaba
Good service
Because it's an easy and fast way of ordering goods!
Buying with confidence
cant cancel orders
Very systematic professional
I COULD RECOMMEND TO OTHERS.
x
That is good supplier . The paintings very nice , colorful with perfect quanlity .
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it provides everything you could possibly need.
n/a
A money back guarantee removes a lot of fear in buying overseas
it is safe
Safe payments when service has been provided according to contract.
So far it has been safe, so in that way you are most likely to buy for a Trade Assurance provider than the one that is not or even to buy from another platform or doing it without any assurance, I think this is why at least American buyers come here, there's a lot of scams and people doing bad business
The shipping was super fast and the quality of bottles is very nice!
The site is secure
I would recommend.
It is hard to get hold of someone at Alibaba to discuss issues we have with suppliers
timeline and process is poor.
When goods arrive and we confirm reception, it seems we cannot use trade assurance anymore if we detect defects later on - however, before accepting the text informations says that we have 30 days to detect defects and still use trade assurance if we need to - it is not clear to us if we still have 30 days after we accepted or not?
its secure
they refuse to refund my money
great service
los pedidos llegan a tiempo y están éndientes
good sellers I recommend.
It gives you peace of mind when you are using suppliers you have not dealt with before.
I think its a good service
I had a dispute with shipping and it was resolved. Alibaba trade assurance was supposed to refund the money to my credit card and it has not been sent to my account and no accounting for where it was sent to. Now I  have to pull my credit card transactions to show that you have not sent the money.
I would recommend alibaba because it has many products to see
nice
Many sources to contact and products.
I have paid for my item that I have been waiting for nearly 2 months at a price of USD 1,220,00 and I cannot get a refund from seller because that option is no longer available because of time wasted with trade Assurance so what is the point?
na
I haven?t needed so I?m not sure how does it work.
Until now i had a good buying experience and contact with seller was polite and professional.Also when i had some issue.
They helped in resolving the dispute .
i didnt had to use it yet
trade assurance are small, I will pay for better for whole amount of goods.
confidence in my purchase
We Would recommend. because it gives a secure digital enviroment for trade on the internet.
I recommend it because it represents security when making the purchase
if my customer use it they dont need me
several issues with my order.
Very fast turn around time and knowledge on their products
It is good, but the suppliers make things very difficult. They want to charge extra fees or avoid using the Trade Assurance system.
insurance is good
it is completely impossible to get real support, only chat with an unknown bot
i say customer service about my problem ,i have no reply excetly
I would
Payment made for some orders are untraceable after the shipper informs confirmation of shipment and dummy Tracking numbers.
Pleased with overall professionalism and courtesy.
Cuando selecciono por proveedor, aparezcan los precios. se hace dificultoso revisar proveedores y luego retroceder por los precios. saludos
I don't even understand how your site works, and I think you have taken my money for stuff that has not and never will be delivered.
not sure
It 's two months I am waiting the solution of a dispute. The seller sent goods with the wrong packaging and they arrived totally broken. I lost my money.
Good service, but very bad parcel
Other then the delay in shipping it was a very pleasant transaction
agents lie
I would recommend
it gives you safety
Trade Assurance Service or agents are so friendly, informative and responsive.
RELIABILITY
the package was not in good condition when it arvided
Its safe using alibaba
when the supplier don't want to get paid with alibaba
This is good assurance mechanism, i will recomend it
It is good Service, but the problem is with your high prices of Ali Baba servcies and back fees
I have not received any goods and you just keep cancelling my request for refund
is easy to use
You provided no assistance when a supplier didn't ship an order, I created 6 disputes without any response over 5 months and your chat support offered no assistance either.
There are many suppliers advertising products that they do not have in stock and then ask you to fund the mould for the product.
I can purchase goods with confidence. No worry.
ok
fast shipping with great products
Because it does not cover the shipping to Libya.
A very serious company especially to us buyers and the time estimated for delivery upon time exactly, and regarding the suppliers here they are very educated and helpful.Whatcould you ask more! A recommend Alibaba.
Peace of mind!
is perfect
it is reliable and i feel assured with the order using the trade assurance
Plattform very easy to use and friendly icon to undertand
tooo expensive
Suppliers do not communicate very well and Send me quotes on items I was not even looking for
easy and good
Ease of use.
Piece of mind, central location for shipping information, suppliers care about their scoring
trustworthy
protection to the buyer
need easier payment method. and making orders easier.
The Trade Assurance guarantee your money from fraud and untrustworthy vendors..
safety
I would highly recommend it since it is mandatory if you want to have some easiness doing business so far away and in a not very formal environment.
Makes me feel more secure and protected.
easy to operate, and have insurance
Great communication!
once ago, I have a big problem because dont send me what i bougth, and the trade assurance help me with all.
I  recomend  Alibaba trade assurance, as I used it- but Alibaba declares "Order compleated" without asking, weather it is compleated
Products were well received
So user friendly and safe
Yo si recomendaría a alibaba.com ya que hasta en momento no he tenido inconvenientes con respecta a los productos, lo único que no me gustó es que se hace un pago adicional al hacero el pago del pedido.
I've received bad products multiple times and didn't get refunded
good
its charge commission is a bit high i think when i make payment
The sampled i received did not ripped. I recieved my package and the sample underwear ripped off easily all of them.
very clear communication, helpful and kind :)
It was very easy to use and the whole experience was great. I do not really tell people what to do but I would happily say I had a very positive experience.
it makes you feel more safe when buying
el servicio es bueno pero algunos malos entendidos tal vez por el idioma
i would recommend because it works as it is.
Worst service. Alibaba always take side of chinese seller who has paid account.My refund request get rejected even after seller send me broken parts.
great service
I like Trade Assurance. I would recommend the service
The shipping was unprotected,
It gives me a sense of security if the products I bought are not delivered, or in the expected state.
Very easy to use
Fast, easy, safe.
it feels li
clunky website
It is important to reassure buyers they are protected in case of a scam
Nobody is worth a 10...
The purchase was made with great success, the merchandise arrived in perfect condition and as it was described by the seller. I always felt very safe from the supplier thanks to the fact that I was a supplier with trade Assurance
I didn't receive my order in time, I payed more, and I receive my order one week after the time that was previed
I Have been robbed apparently. I've been waiting for an order the supplier said he send.
Is safer for the buyers.
The disputes are a fraud. Do not protect the costumers.
pratical, easy, mostly safe
siempre lo recomendaría
muchas veces es complicado encontrar el producto que uno quiere. La búsqueda por imágenes debería de mejorar, ser más precisa.   La seguridad de la compra por ALIBABA es muy buena.  La búsqueda por empresa o marca del producto no me ha resultado buena.
It is a bit expensive for larger quantities
safe business
I WOULD RECOMMEND. TRADE ASSURANCE WILL GIVE YOU PEACE OF MIND KNOWING SOMEONE AND SOMETHING IS BEHIND THE SCENES WORKING TO MAKE SURE YOU GET WHAT YOU EXPECT
I recommend it because it not only protects the economic transaction made by the buyer but also provides the necessary confidence covering aspects such as product quality, customer service, tracking and delivery of the product.
Payments is a serious problem cards keep getting rejected and then you cant use that account anymore.
Because give me the tranquility that im going to receive what I order on the times I contracted.
I Know  that othe friens had problems
I've found that the order taker, (on China), side is not reading the direction correctly, or they simply do not understand. If the do not understand would be easy to fix if the simply let the customer know. I could use Google translator to help in the transaction.The order taker does not answer all the questions that they are asked. They simply do not reply.These make the customer reply, reply and reply and before you know it, a month has gone by and still the items are not purchased.This problem is not true with all China companies.
I never tried it.
I always believe  on  Alibaba's Trade Assurance Service , cause Because the rights of buyers are guaranteed
I would recommend because it gives you peace of mind with constant communication and tracking.
Trade Assurance was used as a safeguard against scammers, but I didn't need it because my seller was good.
confusing site
I have never had an issue
NA
I enjoy the business respect and the assurance that business will be handled professionally.I always seek Trade Assurance Suppliers.
Trade Assurance fails, it protects the supplier not the customer.Totally different from the Paypal.I'm very disappointed, we bought 2000 dollars in custom made metal boxes, the supplier did a bad job backing the metal boxes, and they recognized that. 30% of the boxes came with scratches, that's total loss, impossible to sell.We opened a case with Trade Asssurance, and Alibaba said we should have refused the shipment, and wood case was totally fine, just inside the boxes were poor packaged and 15 scratched.Alibaba Trade Assurance is useless, better do not pay for it at all... they don't take any responsability.
I always use trade assurance service for trustful business.
never had any issues.... and its worth it
Very fast production.
it is good
I am receiving emails directly from suppliers without my permission advertising SEX TOYS to my work email! this is wrong!
The APP UI is horrible
because i got cheated and the chinese company still keeps some of my money which they didnt deserve at all.
The businesses I have messaged have been responsive and I've had a positive experience using the site
Excellent service from both Winsun Electron and Alibaba freight.
I did not try it yet. So not very sure if it works well.
I would recommend it as it gives you a good feeling. I can imagine that you would feel really unsave transfering money and not knowing if you good will even arrive or not.
It makes the transaction safer.
I did not got into the troubles yet, so not sure if the trade assurance is working good.
Very easy to use
easy platfrom
Satisfied with products & customer service
Usd to Other country currency Different.
wonderful and quick service
its easy
Im tried to complain about faulty goods, outside the Trade Assurance window because of COVID I did not received the goods on time, and sell them. Im now able to sell the goods which are faulty. I have receiving adequate support through Alibaba.
I just wish I didn't get so many spam emails, maybe if you could have a separate box for that.  And maybe help with shipping, some people will give a great price on the product and then charge too much for shipping!!!
good prices and fast shipping
i was busy and did not see that
they respod and protect the buyer
supplier did poor job and will nort refund my money even though i have proof. Been wating 4 months for my order
good business
GOOD
yes
I think the page works very well, the relationship or post-sale communication is spectacular from the Unique Gnss company, they really complied when they were asked to comply, spending time and answering me at all times, Emma and Victor, they are the best of UniqueGnss, since I was bombarded with queries and they are always there to answer your questions. I think the company should send them to Chile on vacation and thus get to know them and I would also like to get to know the company to train me there. They actually gave 1000% out of 1000%. Congratulations on having those two people, and we will be in touch with an upcoming purchase. Thanks UniqueGnss
It all went fine.
I always recommend Alibaba because you are efficient and because my personal experience with you is very good.
I never had to use it yet, So I dont know if it works
NA
yes
i was not satisfied with their dealing with customer. i lost money twice and process is very slow.
i would recommend trade assurance because it protects your order from shipping to receiving and i also like how the seller cant get the money until you are satisfied with your purchase trade assurance really looks out for the buyer i feel safe buying with trade assurance.
It doesn't protect my investment, I received broken goods , I paid shipping and I'm required to return the damaged goods back to China, too much cost and doesn't make sense
The system provides another layer of assurance that we will receive the products that where actually ordered. Thank you for the added security.
alibaba fee too high and vendor away include alibaba fee when i order.so i pay double fee. if  i pay only alibaba fee then. fee is not high.and online pay..take too long to process...
Have to pay extra fee at the end when paying; delivery shipment expensive and slow; pictures do not send
RESPONSE TIME IS VERY SLOW. I THINK IT WOULD BE BETTER IF THERTE WERE SOMEONE AVAILABLE TO SPEAK WITH 24/7 WHEN IT COME TO COMMUNICATING WITH MANUFACTURES.
very good, thank you!
it is a very sure way to make transactions between buyer and provider, it is easy and fast.
FAST TO FIND WHAT i'M LOOKING FOR
The security the service provides is reassuring. I do not like taking risks.
I would for sure recommend Alibaba to make business but it's not normal that the seller have to makes us pay alibaba service fee. It's never the same price than the one indicate by the seller.
Ease of Use
It was easy to use and I got what I wanted
minimize risks
I have no complaints, the platform is excellent.
Ald???m ürün bana ula?mam??t?. Fakat süre doldu?u bildirimi geldi.
I lost too much money on my last order because the didn't protect enought the goods. I already said her several time but she said to not worry. I paid additional transportation insurance.The product was totaly destroyed by the transportation company, I paid total cost about 545$, I just received a refund of 150$ ...
alibaba has everything you can every think about selling as far as the beauty industry goes. literally can get everything from this one website instead of many different sites. i also like how secure the site is.
I would as the customer service and response time was impeccable.
It is clear in the information and generates trust
PromptnessPracticality
for protection
It is easy and safe
N/A
just check the case, the only case i ever had. Each, really each proof you want, i have given. Your trade assurance is for help the sellers, its just a show, no more. Check the nessa jewlry case, and you will see that.
I do recommend Trade Assurance Service
I was deceived by the seller and received no protection. As a result, I lost my money. It doesn't work.
no reason yet
I don't see why not. It's awesome, offers great coverage, rules are pristine clear. I just wish more buyers were more careful during their ordering process
Sellers need to take more care in packaging their products
n/a
security
Dropshipping pricees are high. Not everyone does dropshipping. Too Many websites and sellers. needs more organization.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service, my experience was excellent and my personalized product looks great..Thank you
I'd recommend it every time
the quickest way to reach a verified supplier
Most of the companies are not affiliated and it is risk for us as clients.
i would recoomend because it feel safe for transaction
my package has not arrived and I have 2 months waiting
easy to use and good search tools
only you works for the seller...
my order did not arrive and the Alibaba team is saying it was delivered when the site says it is not
There's no customer service involvement from Alibaba at all to see if the order is going through fine or the supplier is fulfilling their promise.
SAFETY
expensive shipping cost
Sellers are cheaters sending defective products
I like the option but sometimes communication is difficult.
cause his delivery time are so good
My refund issue was not resolved. I ended up with shirts I couldn’t sell because it was poorly made and shipping to the US I didn’t receive US sizing. After my orders are fully placed I will look elsewhere for manufacturers
Safe trading
Too many companies won't use it and have to make orders outside of Alibaba. They say it takes too long to get paid.
protect both buyer and seller interests
It assures suppliers and buyers behave when there is a transaction in motion.
Good products for good price
I would absolutely recommend Trade Assurance. I had a friend who got "scammed." I told him never to use someone who didn't offer. To me, it means they back up their product.
We don't get a message in our mail when there is a message on the Alibaba messager. + A lot of companies all of a sudden have our email address and keep sending emails for products we don't sell. This shouldn't be possible
becaste
The quality of the product is very good. The service is good. Really enjoyed!
give security
Competition.  I do not want them using the same resources.
You will not be afraid that they are not bogus or fly by night and run by highly person like Jack Ma.
je n'ai pas re?us ma commande
Ensures high quality of customer support
platform is too slow
its fine
it is simple and safe
It's hard to ask for refund when supplier is at fault
Safe way to trade.
a
Secure platform for payments and warranty benefit
This is because I didn't get the order I paid for. it is almost a month and no delivery yet. No information as well. this is my second transaction with Alibaba and its not looking good or giving me confidence to keep ordering stuff from this platform. The courier company might have lost the package so I will wait until it is exactly a month and then file a refund as I didn't get the goods I ordered.from:- TONY LUO of Guangzhoug Bolan cosmetics CN,Guangdong,Guangzhou,No. 10, Industrial Road, Luogang Village, Junhe Street, Baiyun DistrictCompany Tel: 86-020-85523656Company Email: 1056023232@qq.com
You never respond to my inquiries
Trade assurance is just much better and secure to pay a supplier
I have not used it but it is a quality guarantee that builds trust
My orders have not been delivered.  It is difficult to make payments to the correct supplier at times.
Happy
I only had good experiences with Alibaba so it's a given that I would recommend it.
perdi mi cuenta siendo un comprador serio
it bring calm and relax for each transaction as you get totally assured
Seller's response is quick and safe.
All most of all Alibaba sellers sell their products for Iphone models and Galaxy models but they described they have cases just for Iphone models. At the first I thought they sell just for Iphone as they mentioned on site but I contacted them in person and asked you have case for Galaxy model. All most of seller said YES. why they did not mention they sell both Iphone AND Galaxy??? It is so annoyed I asked them in person. please modify the policy? or website protocol. if so, Alibaba will be the one trading website ever.
Its so slowly the chat
We need more trade assurance support before ending the contract
your team supports you. behaves like a ROBOT! in the literal sense of the word. write memorized sentences.do not help with anything.or justify themselves with other teams.They do nothing to solve a problem.I wonder what you pay them for. maybe without them!
1
I was sent different tumblers than what was advertised, and show all kinds of proof that I had smaller tumblers than the 30oz I ordered and Trade Assurance didn't give a damn, but believethe seller no matter what kind of proof I showed, while the seller had none.
Your messenger is the worst I have experienced.
Added peace of mind and insurance for good/services
There is no reason, it's a safety net for any mistakes or misdoings.
It's good.
Finding a manufacturer through a former trading company has never been easier.Thanks to Alibaba, you can find and buy with confidence.However, if I neglect to confirm, I may not be able to receive refunds or returns.This is more difficult than buying and selling in Japan.
Desconosco los costos de servicio de envios
I
I really enjoy using the Alibaba platform. Everything works quickly, the suppliers are polite, there are many interesting products for every taste. I am satisfied. Thanks Alibaba!
good
I like it
I loved the service.
I think you can trust
Delivery safety is a plus!
Great Service
No
no
The customer service on here is terrible. I have had to me different accounts for some reason. I have made two orders with this account and now its saying I dont have permission. This is very frustrating.
still trying to understanding it.
I submitted proof and evidence of a faulty product but still have not received my refund.
Disputes between suppliers and customers are not handled quickly. And it seems that instead of looking the discussions history as evidences, the mediation team only ask to upload evidences. Also sometimes the disputes are closed before finding solutions and impossible to go back.
The sheer range of available factories for various aspects of projects.
The delivery time was great. The communications from the suppliers were very good.
vendors reply so quickly, so easy to use. love it
I felt confident with my interaction and purchase.
Its a sure way to make business overseas
Would be good if alibaba ask supplier and buyer how we are progressing with order. Because supplier always play around and make buyer frustrated.
It gives you assurance
I have been told by other traders that Alibaba backs their trade assurance.  Alibaba guarantee that if goods do not arrive or are faulty then the buyer does not lose out.  Being so remote from suppliers that are otherwise strangers can be daunting.  Having dealt with EBay and Paypal failures in fault resolution, I cannot vouch for Alibaba from my own experience.
great source
it is very good ... in general the website is a little tough to navigate
I made an order to a trade assurance for a value of $ 300 and 25% arrived with irreparable defects, I made the claim, the seller only offered me $ 10 for the damages caused, a value much lower than the real one, the final judgment of alibaba it was that I accepted those $ 10 and I was not given the reason despite having uploaded evident evidence of the defective products
The trade assurance service is great in my point of view based that shopping remotely is a safe key that help you with progress of production and quality giving peace of mind.
I love the array of products available.
MUITO BOM MESMO
I would recommend it because it makes things a lot easier from start to finish.
doesn't apply
Very reliable
it was easy
a large amount of suppliers, trade assurance, verified supplier, easy chat method, RFQ,
I thing the assurance is very professional when dealing with international sellers
It was really hard to get a refund. I was unable to get my refund.
Trade Assurance Service favors the Seller and does not sufficiently protect the Buyer's rights.
First, because of quality assurance and follow-up of suppliers.Secondly, by virtue of my dealings with Alibaba, it always contains solutions to all problems.Thank you very much
Pass security to new users.
This has been an professional and well communicated transaction fro start to finish
Well it was ok
It is very easy to use and helpful
It often expires before some products arrive. You are told to wait then the time expires and you cannot get your money back. Very bad business when there are unscrupulous suppliers.
payment is very easy and fast, and the testers fast and efficient.
it makes purchasing secure
my last order took me forever
Because i have a problem with my
Why I can not find in the whole site "Customer Service"?
i recommend to other
Trade Assurance Service is only right way.
I would recommend it.
Не все на русском языке. Когда заказ идет не совпадает с реальностью: товар не получен, а уже надо писать отзыв  о товаре который даже еще неполучил
Peace of mind while buying.
Allow us as business operator or for personal use to buy in peace since there are alot of sellers online
I have had issue with the quality of the product
Reviews I have read suggest it is very difficult to make a successful claim, therefore not super valuable for buyers if you do have an issue.  That said, I've been satisfied with my orders so far, so haven't looked into using it.  I do like that it *hopefully* ensures suppliers who participate feel more accountable and therefore do better work (quality products, etc.), so I still seek out suppliers who participate in Trade Assurance. Therefore, overall, I am neutral about it.
is the best
Always have issues for making payment.
The goods were delivered without brackets or instructions.  They are not usable.
Trade assurance gives great feedback and order updates.
My supplier does not ship, does not reply to messages on Alibaba ,. I am waiting only for him to dispatch the merchandise to my country and I am incurring warehouse expenses.I want to cancel the purchase with is scammer but trade assurance It does not give me the option ... I have to wait 30 days for them to recently investigate the scam and I can no longer hold the products in China.
Its a good service
It is a good place but the payments are too limited, I can't pay with card and that is really frustrating.
easy to use
i can find almost anything on here. I would recommend.
because I did not recieve my products and I was not able to make online
fast and helpful
?
The Trade Assurance Service page says I can protect my order and product quality. but When I use the Trade Assurance Service dispute, Some agents want to protect the supplier. It seems They don't want to obey the rules.
Because they've closed my order and my merchandise have not arrived yet. I am from Argentina, and customs clearances are really slow.
Make you feel safe and secure the transaction will be completed and that in case of an event you have insurance to recover your investment
ok
many choice
i would recommend Trade Assurance Service to other business they very professional
trustworthy
-
N/A
I am dealing with a shady supplier. Alibaba Is standing behind the seller. Seller supplied less than half the order kept the money.
Is very easy
Easy, fast
It ended before my products were shipped
products i ordered are good quality.
Efficient buying platform
good service
Great customer service
there is always problem with the payment
i would recommend tade assurance
When I opened the box I saw that the article was different from the one mentioned in the advertisement, the photos are not the same, there are differences between the photos of the advertisement and the article that was sent to me.  After carefully reading the instruction manual, but when the start button is pressed, the article does not work.  And the buttons on the device are different from the ones on according to the announcement and the photos!  This is very bad! It was bad that the board did not arrive in time for the children's holidays. And now we had planned to go to the beach next weekend to test the board, but ... it doesn't work! Very bad!  This article should not be sold like that to anyone! It arrived very scratched as if it had already been used, this is not done!
Easy was to find manufacturers
its safe very good!
WE did not get what we ordered
Alibaba has the biggest manufacturers with the best prices in the world.
no
Once I have ordered 124liters of disinfection hand gel with 70% alcohol. I only got 104 liters. Instead of the ordered 60ml bottles I got bottles with maximum of 50ml or less. Trade assurance didn't do nothing about it. I don't really trust trade assurance really.
no enough time
On the suppliers side, the suppliers are too good at knowing the tricks to delay the process. More clarifty required on shipping delays for example & better confimration of legitimate suppliers.
it is largely effective
Very convenient and easy to use. It also has a very user-friendly interface which is intuitive to use.
I recommand it
Poor service, not able to reach customer service. You defend and protect the sellers who is selling faulty goods. You do not follow European law regarding delivery, where a customer is not responsible for the goods when he did not signed for them.Very poor, there are indeed room for development and progress in your business plan if you want to establish a reliable business where customers can feel safe.
It is not a very good interface
I would recommend Trade Assurance due to the secure payment method and options for refund in case I am dissatisfied with the order.The extra charges are understandable and form a small part of the cost of doing business
The goods are high quality, the price is excellent, delivery is fast
I would recommend Alibaba as I am getting satisfactory delivery of the items I have ordered so far.
very good
because i am in thailand as middleman to this web site. got to pay ourselves the posting fees.
There is a great range of vendors available and the trade assurance protects us from any kind of wrong doing by the seller.
I already experienced
protecting your money
Is a safe way to pay for your goods
I would like to get orders from others
I woud recommend Alibaba for its user-friendly experience and convinience
I would recommend using the service to be assured goods will be received according to agreed upon specs.
fast effective reliaable
full of informations
It makes life easier and it's safe for the buyers.
I recommend Trade Assurance because it makes me feel comfortable trying new suppliers.
Ease of use and number of suppliers involved in the trade.
feels secure, and I like that my payment method is saved so I don't have to enter it each time
Poor Communication and wrong supplies without user manual by most suppliers. Most prefer only messaging based communication, leaving buyer in vein with limited to buy their best. Most times, seller commit to match buyers requirements but later on receiving payment they give excuses. Which leaves our business in problems.
we can do source at easy
very good
secure to order and not get ripped off by hackers
This website is very difficult to follow. No good Customer Service, and it seems like people from China only cares about profit not quality
trade assurance keeps us at ease knowing that they back the merchandise!
Everything works reasonably and smoothly. Impressive.
I bought 500 key fobs from a supplier thru Alibaba.  The key fobs come apart so easily.  Now supplier is not cooperating.
It gives an added layer of protection
The company has sincerely responded to even the slightest billing mistakes.I have ordered more than 50 of the same items in the last 10 months.The oldest one has been used for 10 months.It's working without any problems.I will continue to place additional orders.One thing I would like to see improved is that it would be perfect if the delivery was a little faster.I think that the appeal of this product will be further enhanced if there is a power ON / OFF switch.
no reason
yes
The contracts are made in such a way that they favor the seller. The purpose of insurance is to protect the buyer. Take a look at the most common contract used, its simply until the buyer pays in full. so a common issue is crazy lead time and then poor quality product. A seller is not protected from either and could loose a deal or the product as a whole.
I am very impressed with the customer service from various companies partnered with this site.
because i feel extremely safe and Chinese are serious and trusted people
I would since it provides extra safty and security.
items are so affordable and great quality, couldn't ask for anything better! thank you
It feels good to know that Alibaba gives me some degree of protection when I make purchases.
I keep getting scammed by different vendors.
I have ordered many products, mostly samples and haven't had any problems with payments going where they needed to go and receiving my products.
secure, layable,
Would recommend trade assurance, there appear to be some not so good / truthful suppliers on Alibaba
costomer servis from selers
slow response times - poor communication
idk
just read my emails
I have no reason
I have requested a refund from alibaba I thought the process would be quick but it is so long winded that I don't actually think I will be getting a refund
IS NOT CLEAR IN SPECIFICATIONS OF THE PRODUCT , MISLEADING INFORMATION FROM SUPPLIER  DIFFICULT TO MANAGE , AND THE COST OF RETURNING THE PRODUCT IS TO HIGHT
TA give a level of peace of mind for new customers and that is great to build confidence
I have been with you guys for very long and have seen you grow in front of my eyes and I am happy that your are where you are and doing an amazing job.
1- The difficulty to get help by real person chat.2- The un- matching emails amd real situation of the item purchased!
Very easy and fast to make payment. And having the sense of security just in case you do not agree with the supplier.
avoid fraud
Depends upon who it is.
It makes me feel secure to send money to suppliers knowing that my money is protected that is why I would recommend it to others.
Very Good
.
A lot of suppliersTrade Insurance
its reliable and trustworthy. i have never had a problem with it.
Promote delivery of goods and services
I would prefer to go for Trade Assurance Service as it safeguards the purchasers safety of money and timely dispatch . Apart from that in matters of disputes the sincerely settle the issues.
The dispute process is a joke
Yes,I will recommend to use Trade Assurance Service,it is very good.
trust
The products work very well and I'm about to place another order.
Alibaba did not even review the evidence I gave them for the dispute.  The seller charged me $288 for express shipping and I expected that service but they only paid $176 for my shipping. Also, seller provided inaccurate information, declaring wrong amounts which caused a delay in customs. Seller even went so far by creating another order for me so that they can show that amount to customs but it was too late when they did that because customs was already holding and delaying my package because they know the amounts the seller declared them for is wrong.
Secure and offers really good forex rates and quick payments
fast and fair solutions to problems
its reliable and security is good
Great service
It is a safeguard and gives confidence in purchasing without actually meeting the supplier
easy and safe
i dont now
It's a good service and support.
I say a solid 8 because I would recommend my friends but not my competitor, lol. everything has been legit as long as I stay in the trade assurance rules. I follow their warnings about scammers and I don't get scammed.  Thanks Alibaba
I would recommend because the products can be customized. I would it recommend because communication is hard with none English, most of sales people no technical knowledge and designers hardly understand other language. Worth is? very subjective but so far so good for me.Alibaba organisation presence and responsibility to support the customer before and after delivery should be improved.
happy
there's everything you want and need.
the attention of the seller is good besides the information that provide the alibaba app about the shipp is safe
Looks safe for me and fast!
Peace of mind
strongly recommend to my friends
I'm not quite sure what it is.
I would rate it a 10. Only reason I wouldn't is sometimes items are a little too different when they show up at our door step.
Alibaba permite la venta de productos falsificados, la compa?ia no comprueba la autenticidad de los productos de los vendedores.
will recommend
Safe secure way of doing business, unlimited potential for all.
i like the variety
becasue it says the package arrived but i havent recieved anything
I would recommend for the safety of your order and payments
No reasons
Alibaba has been given evidence of my application for refund from supplier of faulty goods. The supplier submitted evidence that did not relate to me or my case Yet Alibaba still accepted it. Trade assurance needs to be that, it needs to protect both customer and supplier and when a case is presented then Alibaba should look at evidence that is applicable to that case.
I don't know anyone who is trading
excellent
I can now only talk about the dealer I ordered from.Germans are said to look up to: cleanliness, punctuality and quality.That certainly applies to me.I ordered the goods in China and compared the result with here in Germany. The quality is the same and the embroidery of the thick one in China is much better.The price is also a little bit higher, especially the shipping costs.Despite everything, I would always order from the company again. I am extremely satisfied.
Quality of products are not guaranteed Risk of getting counterfeit goods without knowingTime wasting to deal with the issues listed above
It's the third time I work with Feili Pumps, all pumps from Feili working good.When it comes to solar pumps, I trust Feili.
speed. ease of contacts.
great service so far
I never received order and status is closed.
I REQUESTED A FULL REFUND FOR A PRODUCT THAT CANT SELL BECAUSE OF QUALITY AND THEY DENIE IT
Fast Assured delivery
I would recommend because I have problem with a dealer and they return my money back, trade assurance is not problems in alibaba, are some dealer that you can not trust, not honest  with prices
k
Found it reliable and safeguards clients
I haven't used this service yet or I don't know what it is.
Good quality
The seller is communicative and helpful. I'll gladly order again from this store!
it safe
Easy communication
I believe I would. I felt safe.
I would recommend.
I think it is a great option for those of us who buy in China from other parts of the world. Not being physically close to our suppliers, I don't know how I could claim, being thousands of kilometers from my sellers. As a proposal, it gives me a lot of security.But, in fact, I still did not have the need to turn to Alibaba for any claim (in good time). So I don't know how the service actually works and if they will give me the necessary answers when the time comes.Therefore, I rate it a 7. As I would recommend it, but I am not completely sure how Alibaba would act when faced with a claim and if the answer will be satisfactory.
Ease of business, peace of mind.
Well as a buyer remote from China and new to Alibaba Market place it gives a peace of mind when purchasing.
I like your marketplace
When a company receives a partial shipment, Alibaba marks the entire shipment received. In my case one of my cartons was lost by Fedex and I was unable to make a claim because Alibaba marked it received.
Alibaba trade portal is very reliable and kind of over laps Aliexpress in some areas. We were satisfied with Ali Express and even more satisfied with Alibaba for slightly larger volumes. Kudos.
Trade Assurance supports customers 24/7 and ensures safety of the tradings, and the main reason is it can help return moneys to payer if customer not satisfied or not recieved the goods
because it completes the sale/delivery without an email warning to say that time is running out to extend the time by 15 days
I trust Trade Assurance and that based on my previous experience with one of the suppliers, Alibaba stood beside me until we reached to a satisfying solution and I got a partial refund.
It is a nice platform for buyers and sellers
It's very reliable
my reasons are due to the fact that by ordering a product that never arrived, I have not received a refund. so i can only act as a negative sponsor for this ecommers
Its good but service charges or shipment charges are high
No buyer protection at all. You only stick up for the seller. It's pathetic.
you guys are the best
Porque puedo solicitar el reembolso de mi dinero, si es que no me llega el producto.
The products sold on Alibaba are 50% good and 50% defective. In case of Defective we found the Alibaba assurance team always takes decisions in favor of Chinese suppliers. This has made me to loose nearly 5000$ loss. Trade assurance team need to be transparent and neutral. This team needs fulfill its objective.
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service,,, It helps both buyer and seller have a fair deal and guaranty that both will stick to it. The buy benefits the most of it. Like me, I pay 100% for my products in advance and I like to do it this way, because I am protected,,,, why not?! I feel safe doing more trades!
I would recommend it because of the trade assurance
at the moment prices are higher and due to the pandemic not alibabas fault but shipping is harder and takes longer.But i really like alibaba to tell you the truth.
I am currently  having an open dispute. I still have yet to try if Trade Assurance Service will protect me as a buyer because the seller scammed me. (Case No. 1006454572)
The shipping fee to South Africa is very expensive. If there was a cheaper way to ship, I would definitely recommend it.
n/a
Good
1st time I am buying items from Alibaba. none of the items are arriving on time. Everything is taking more than 3 months and I have not received my item yet. I get many inquires on my messaging box such as spam. I also don't get some of the response from vendors when asking cost and details on a new order.
I would recommend the trade assurance service for safe and fast transactions to the supplier directly.
Fantastic
.
It has been fair in my dealings so far in.
I have been satisfied with it.
Variety of productswholesale pricegood quality products
they help with situations non positive for the consumer
It is safe
Good Service
because i have an issue with an order and i have been unable to find a real person at Alibaba to discuss this with. The trade assurance itself i a great idea...
It protects the buyers really well!!
I have 4 orders currently still in dispute process due to quality issue. Last time I heard anything from Alibaba was Aug 25, 2020. Additional evidence was uploaded within 2 days. Two weeks went by, not even a word.
none
I find it a very good service. I consider a loyalty to customers in terms of price. That helps customers to be a bit competitive.
I recommend to friends
.
Amazing
Nice costumer service
n/a
Great but order closing times are a bit too close.
good service , more supplyers
Ensures produts are received.
Adds confidence that the products will arrive as stated.
es excelente plataforma y brinda la seguridad. lo que no me gusta es que los vendedor la gran mayoria de personas son muy lentos para responder y para realizar una compra es un total reto.
We get an other shirt with no name on it, we have ordered with the name Hidde number 8
check my chats with the support
The services are very good, but the shipping cost to Puerto Rico, for samples or small quantities, is extremely expensive. They should modify the costs for the samples, if it is good quality, surely a large quantity order will be made, but how to know the quality of the products, if the cost is very expensive.
Scamming Suppliers
good service
por su eficiencia y confiabilidad
I think is much safer to pay that Way buecause is something is wrong with the product Alibaba help us :)
I would recommend it for the quality of suppliers and products that you can find and especially for the secure form of payment that supports you in any eventuality
Sellers are shipping items later than agreed. Items are not not as pictured.
Business I bought from was incompetent
Your sight is easy to follow. The produce I ordered can fast and packaged very well. I was pleased with the interaction.
Don't like
no, yes recommend
To guarantee product, quality and inspection service
Its keep your money safe, you don't have to be worried about the payment you have done. It reduces the chances of fraud or any mishap.
I placed a custom order for 3000 Boba cups 600ml, they sent me 3000 cups of the 530-540ml. That is not correct. The cups should be 600-630ml, not less.Chaozhou Chaoan Xinda Trading Co., Ltd.
N/A
It doesn?t cover if the seller from Alibaba doesn?t send the products. It?s hard and long to get answers from customer support and when I did the answer was just so empty.
It's a support for the buyer.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service to all my friends and all people because they are going to help your for something that you are not good at all while you are doing Trade. Then you are going to be efficient! So I will rate it 10/10!!
Its very easy to use and I love the protection that I receive using trade assurance.
It just a safe way to do business.
Only used service once but it reassured me completely.
cant track my shipment
excelent
The dispute team is not working sufficiently and there is no clear guideline that is being followed. Horrible customer experience with a lot of money that we are about to lose to this.
like it
no
The prices are reasonable and there are plenty of suppliers to choose from. The only downside is the shipping cost is very expensive. It would be better if there was an option to ship at a lower cost even if it means the shipment will take more time.
All negotiations so far have worked!
Trade assurance does not usually extend long enough (e.g. if sea freight is the mode of transport). So, I cannot inspect before releasing funds.
I did not receive the product.
god product good price
Why - Alibaba provides an incredibly necessary service for businesses and protects it's buyers.Why not - The process for "negotiating" price is a huge inconvenience. For newcomers it is daunting.
No
thanks
everything OK
N/A
If somebody asks I'll refer to Alibaba
The Trade Assurance Service is an easy save way to make the deal and buy from China without being concern that some one maybe deceive you
The Trade Assurance service offers buyers Peace of Mind when it comes to purchasing goods from unknown and untested suppliers which in this day and age, is win-win for everyone.The buyer feels safer knowing that the funds sit Alibabas trust fund until the goods are received and confirmed in good order as was negotiated and agreed by both parties, AND, Alibabas reputation grows bigger and better with every positive transaction, so this is also a WIN for AlibabaWell done!!
Hi. i can explain why i am so angry. I got really bad quality of product and i open dispute. And Service was not helping and not answering for my questions.
Why Not, this is the best platform ever!
GOOD
when things go wrong we can not contact alibaba..
The goods are guaranteed and delivered on time
problem with fedex and trackin number
Quick and easy to process
It feels good do have a secure feeling by trading over far-distance.
No reason.
good day there are some who offer their goods and when communicating with him he wants to pay by transferring him personally without referring to the Alibaba aplication
good
It would be because of the treatment of some providers, although it is almost always good
hasta el momento me a funcionado correctamente pero no se si en algún momento de tener inconvenientes con mi proveedor pueda resolverme, por el momento estoy satisfecho
it is very safe and reliable
It's a rip off!
because is to easy and truly buy in this place
No tomaron bien mi dirección, la orden esta cerrada y nunca recibí el producto. ni me responden por el reembolso
I would not recommend the alibaba service because the customer support is very bad I received counterfeit products of very poor quality in my last purchase and yet they gave the reason to the supplier that I was scammed I am very upset about this issue and I will analyze later if keep buying or not from alibaba
Easy way to find good suppliers
My current dispute (the only one that I have ever been involved in, from when a supplier utterly scammed me and shipped me $13k worth of defective goods) has been escalated to "Wait Alibaba Processing" for over 2 months, and I have no idea when there will be any progress.
my dispute is  slowly
Alibaba never protect buyer. Suppliers have to much experience and they know how to avoid alibabas punishment, and buyer has many chances to lose when open a dispute.
its simple
well there are a couple scammers on this site uploading products and selling name brands and trading companys do the same  and they always try to convince the unkowing people to buy outside alibaba
I would recommend the trade assurance service for the security it provides by putting Alibaba as an intermediary between the supplier and the customer.
for the safety of getting what you ordered.I have lost goods before and didn't have trade assurance.
I was very well treated by the supplier from start to finish of my order. Very good client support.
prices
No complaints
recomendado por facilidad de encontrar proveedores,No recomendado algunos precios ofrecidos no son reales.atte
because I had a problem with a product that I bought and due to the covid issue in my country they put more restrictions on the entry of some medical devices and they cannot release it to me, I made the claim and alibaba does not take charge and they do not want to return the money that means they scammed me. being that the seller when I asked him if for some reason he could not release the product from the aduna, they would return the money to me, they do not want to return it. I was cheated by the seller and alibaba that has scam sellers
quality has been good as well as customer service and the shipping has been very fair
Good sourcing for industry parts.
to protect your investment
sense of security
Quick, fast easy order and delivery
i would recommend
por la garantia  que te deja tranquilo a la hora de comprar
great service
ok
nil
Selection and help with potential resolutions
Is a sure thing for protection is good to guaranty your order
Trade assurance is the best.
I recommend it because it gives us customers the guarantee and trust against any inconvenience when receiving the products purchased on alibaba. I also suggest that the commission be minimized
I have enjoyed it so far.  The only downfall is that some of the vendors are rude and get upset when you don't purchase from them and they will block you.  Very unprofessional.  Grace Wang with Shenzhen JXT Industrial Limited
no have
Because this site is designed to protect the seller not the buyer. I have had times where I have had to pay for items that had a foul smell that I could not get out. Also the shipper should be required to pay for return shipping on items not the buyer, we paid for shipping if the item is not as promised we shouldn't be forced to keep them.
I am satisfied with this experience.
I'm not recieveing my items!!
Because we feel protected
It protects the buyer from bad suppliers
I got my orders quick and accurate. Thank you!
I recommend to sescure the transaction due to supplier not serious or defaut on product
On a recent Trade Assurance claim product was damaged but only received partial refund. Still better than nothing.
peace on mind
Easy to use, most sellers are responsive.
Knowledgeable and helpful sellers
Trade Assurance has not always helped me when my orders have not been delivered as contract terms were defined
good
i recommend but too often the factory or seller in china refuses to allow us to pay on the alibaba app.
Great services, trust sources
Satisfactory and assured quality
My order was escalated to alibaba for fraud, but Alibaba does not care for fraudulent activity as long as the seller sends some item. In US, fraud is not to be dealt lightly.
It makes the business safer!
The main problem is shipping times and costs.
It's extremely important to have an insurances that covers once you deal for thousands $ with suppliers that you don't know
it is very reliable
Many many many problemu.
Quality Products???
due to the vast availibility
5
easy and convenient. Best platform for business available
I have yet to experience an incident where trade assurance has come in handy. To date, the transactions I've had on Alibaba has been easy.
I have one case pending in fefund process more than 2 months already. But Alibaba is look like coordinator only. You have no autherlize to make decision. Seller will neverr accept their fault and you have no experience to make decision. They said I changed their goods and you belived them.  How can I trust in Alibaba?
safe
Nothing
security
Their service has been great
its just good
Slightly early to say as haven't received products yet but seems to work really well
It is an added value
none
Everything worked well!
All is good
Trade Assurance give me peace of mind. I feel like there can be recourse if we need it as it can be difficult communicating with new suppliers when they are over seas sometimes.
The vendors should have the prices available immediately.
yes during my negotions with supplier, i had contacted them and theyn were suppose to be on board, and when i wired the money to trade assurance they said that ordetr was closed. so im trying to get thru this but its not easy$ 6440.00  is alot to lose
The aspect of the safety concern is there, however the reliability of credit cards for millenials is declining, we want rapid transactions and most of the time that result in Paypal.
Simply it gives you peace of mind
The shipping was in time.
the service has been smooth as possible due to covid 19.
I was seated when I make the deal without order number
Seems pretty simple and knowing it's guaranty that the Company is legit
I recommend this platform to everyone. But there is one thing i experienced here. Most of the suppliers price was not accurate the price input there was $1.50 but the real price of the items is $20.50..
i didnt get my order yet!!
cant tell customers to check here since we are wholesaler it will affect our business.
I am very pleased with the service, buy a merchandise they tell me that it will send 10 days after payment I have not yet received the package since even to company...
Because it protects payment and when a supplier does not want to create order with trade assurance is easy to know there is something wrong.
I recommend using trade assurance service because it gives me less worry when ordering because I have the assurance that alibaba will refund my money.
You denied my credit card after I've used it many times with never a problem. I've used the same card for years and never had a problem.
it all works
A complete disaster. Do not work in accordance with their own rules. Took far more time and is not a insurance nor a assurance unless they mean an assurance that you loose your money when the wrong product is delivered.
Would recommend for prompt replies.
Good
TA give security that needed for overseas trade
Suggest
i will recommend trade assurance service as alibaba website have a great varity of items and suppliers and also it secure the payment
good service
Still have not received products or a refund
I would recommend it to anyone because it will protect them from scams. You can also easily get a refund  just provide your proofs.
Alibaba need to improve regarding the Shipping service offer. If customer want to use a specific shipping company - like DHL, we just use DHL, no others - they should see what price is for the specific shipment fee. And if this price is good - might be better then my discount with DHL- I should select this shipping option. If price is higher than my discounted shipping fee, I should de-select this option. All other ALIBABA service is let say OK. ThanksLaszlo KozmaHungaroFLASH
Just keep on getting better id the ans answer to success
The shipping cost from China is very expensive than normal.
none
It works very reliable way
Does not offer any protection.
The trade assurance, does not give me total security, since the sellers put their conditions in the contract and those conditions often hinder the security that Alibaba intends to offer to the buyer
Very good
Suppliers are nice and polite
Because, I didn't received the product but trade assurance checked my order as I had received it, but it isn't true becuase I didn't receive my product yet.
Deliveries commited by suppliers were not met on time
It's cheaper than PayPal and it protects the buyer by not releasing the funds until the buyer agrees.
I would recommend it. It?s safety
Quick replies from suppliers.  Good products supplied
Recomiendo el Servicio de Garantía de Comercio porque me hace sentir seguro.
So long time for shipping
.
We received a fake product and the issue is still in dispute resolution. We are waiting to see how this issue is resolved before we can rate trade assurance as good or bad.
its safe
It provides me a level of safety in case a vendor doesn't provide what they say.
i don't understand my order is completed or still open , seller canceled my order,seller said request refund money , i stop work with Alibaba i did request refund my money but still sawing Oder is open
don t see assurance service and kisk
low priceVariety of products
pressure on seller
it's easy to get professional suppliers
good protection
the vendors that I have been working with are very helpful and professional. I have enjoyed it very much. Not to mention the options available are great. thank you for this service.
Late response from trader
I never received one of my orders and applied for a refund. Nothing is being done about it.
Well I understand that the Virus slow down few things. But I know manufacturers are working for last two moths at list and I am STILL WAITING for my order. I invested all my money to start a business this delay is prejudicing me a lot.I had been very patience and understood the delays because the virus.. but I paid MONTHS AGO and still waiting I just find out that my manufactures (ANNA is nice) but they didn't even send my package since April 20 where I got my tracking numbers. I feel very hopeless since I haven't work per several months and soon I may loose all my investment.Also I had order samples with AUGU manufacturer .. they also said they send my samples and that they forgot to send me a tracking number ... so far no answer I know they are a really good company but not following up with me is not nice.Well I hope this is a good review to improve thing.God bless
It's work!!!
good service safe
una oferta multiple y con buenos precios
Con:  Can not get full refund from suppliers that has Verified status who sent fakes and unusable products even with evidence and pictures provided. The evidence picture or file upload is not user friendly.Pro: The staff from Trade Assurance Service are friendly and responsive.
Right now it's the only portal I know of. Once an american one appears as well, then it'll be interesting which one to choose.
You're offered piece of mind
My items came in a timely fashion even during this time of a corona virus.   And the items was packaged very well and I love them. i will be ordering again soon.
Great service
Great Service
Easy to contract and trustable sources
Dear Sir or Madam,I`ve bought a diode laser 808 for 3,200.00 USD. The supplier sent me fotos for this machine in advance. The machine that I`ve received now is different to the machine on the fotos. The machine is also different in terms of handpiece connection compared to my last machine. So I have questions about this. Unfortunately, I did not receive any technical information about the new machine and the supplier has only sent me an old user manual despite a query to the supplier. Therefore I cannot connect the machine.This means that I cannot use the machine. This annoys me very much, because I have a loss of sales.I kindly ask Alibaba to help me to get exact instructions (user manual and video) so that I can start using the machine as soon as possible.Thank you very much.Best regardsZinayida Yenalyeva
So far I have only good experiences here!
its best for small business start up
Great customer service by Ms. Kelly.
Orders are automatically complete prior to receiving the goods ordered.  This makes it difficult to feel confident my money is safe.
I don't like that my order is automatically marked as "complete" when I have not received my shipment.
smooth and worry free transactions, verified trustworthy suppliers
Simple, easy to navigate
I opened a dispute to have my money back but i'm still waiting for that
I love the security
I would recommend.  Peace of mind.  Protection for buyer and seller.
Slow Shipping. I expect things to ship within the week I pay for my item.
I ordered the 8 applicator and they sent me the 10 applicator. I have NEVER ordered the 10 applicator. I am extremely disappointed.
Ordering this way is perfect if you have no time constraints. Also if you have not had experience of specifying items correctly it can pose problems
I have received damaged, dirty products from 1 order and I’ve been waiting for 4weeks for 2 other deliveries but have not received a tracking number for either. I am truly dissatisfied and uninterested in my company continuing to do business with alibaba vendors.
Never had an issue. Thanks!
I do not know
N/A
It was useless. I Received damaged goods which severely affected my business and alibaba were very unresponsive in helping me get a refund, so I could find another supplier and purchase another order. The Trade Assurance Service was worthless in protecting me.
I did not receive my order, did not give confirmation that I received it. However, my order was closed.
Super easy and helps me keep track of order payments
No one contacted me from Trade Assurance to hear my side of the story. They just closed the case!
Excellent services and quality suppliers.
Too long to place order
We don'tknow yet
Since this was my first transaction through Trade Assurance Service, all that I can say is that everything went very smooth. NO problems with the order, communication, shipping. Since in the ner future probably I will purchase products for a higher amount of money, it is the best way to do business in here, for the safety it provides. I would gladly recommend Trade Assurance Service.
trust
I felt that if there were problems with my order, I would be able to obtain a refund, if needed.
It allows me to trust entities I wouldn't otherwise.
Good
I find it very uncomfortable not being able to put my contacts in the file depending on what I am buying from them. It takes a long time to find a person to answer or order products from them.
meine Erfahrung die ich mit der Oder M02 order from Alibaba gemacht habe ist sehr gut und ich Ich würde gerne wieder bei Changzhou Steamoon Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd kaufen der Transport nach Deutschland hat zwar sehr lange gedauert aber durch covid 19 und die gro?e Distanz war auch das für mich Ok.gerne wieder best Ragrds Ludwig Haas
your service is very good
Very Good
Because, When there is an problem with the supplier,Trade assurance do nothing to help the customer. There is also no telefoon number to contact the trade assurance, so no customer service. With one of my order that I used trade assurance, I have had problem with supplier and the problem was not solved. As much as I had complained,Trade assurance did not back me up as an customer.The only thing was emails going back and forth with the supplier true trade assurance. Nothing els.  I am absolutely not recommending trade assurance. You have a very bad service.
Efficient and easy to use.
I have had a great experience so far, the vetting is of bad suppliers is getting better. And the new international ways to pay are better
I like
shipping to slow or to expensive
feels safe to us
ITS GOOD
Would of liked to of know about the sting of ?71 custom charges after the parcel had been delivered, i still saved alot of money using alibaba, but just would of been nice to know, maybe have a custom fee chart, stating which countries pay what, as its not often thought of in the uk when ordering items from china
Very good to have when looking for new collaborators to do business with
Good place to find what you need
quality is very good . sale lady is nice and quick response .
awesome place to do business.
Correct delivery, follow up..
It's a very good service for the trust in doing business.
system interface is too laggy, very slow and hangs when im loading video listings,
Because of in case of incorrect delivery method indication in order product inspection is impossible. I sent request to customer care and still no answer.
nie wiem co powiedziec
good service
compitition
The suppliers are very helpful, I would highly recommend them.
not sure what trade assurance does.
Its, Smooth and Merchants have greatly done well, Quick response on their side
Some suppliers refuse to sell and when you rely on their products that affects the business. There should be rules for that behavior
Reviewing agents protect dishonest sellers and don't actually protect me from difficult situations. Agents lack good understanding of English and lack logic. Example: I have agreed something with a shipping company but after that the shipping company and seller have agreed to something different without my knowledge - more exactly to do an illegal import procedure IN MY NAME, THAT I HAVE NOT BEEN NOTICED OF (I have sent proof of this). Since it was EXW shipping checked by seller in the order, Alibaba agent considered seller has no fault for a situation that lead to my loss of 2000$. In a different instance, seller changed shipping company, import procedure - I have sent proof of this to your Trade assurance order, he says that since I notified seller of problems with his change AFTER my payment was done, it means that I agreed with it. It is terrible, very stupid and honestly I will avoid Alibaba as much as possible in the future.
the last order i'm still waiting for part of the shipment and the overall quality was not to my liking. The other supplier i order from had better quality but did not have the tech to bring my project to the next level. therefore i still working on finding the right supplier.
Guarantee that item is protected and will ariive in time
Es una garantía entre las partes al cerrar un acuerdo comercial, más por la distancia tan inmensa que puede existir entre cultura y distancia.
very good service ,perfect quality
N/A
the process of mediation is not fair. i have 2 examples where i got burnt of thousands off dollars and Alibaba didn't help
reassuring
I have been having successful trading PURCHASES  deals on alibaba website  with just exception to some few traders that are just blocking one once RFQ are made or sample Orders which one is paying for its cost and shipping are been borne and been requested by the buyer.Alibaba should please stop this nonsense amongst these sets of Sellers and if they are not ready for business they should either quit or don't enlist their products on the website
yes
It is an excellent service to protect transactions
Trade Assurance works and is trustworthy. It is a good system.
my money is protected
I have used it and have had no problems with the service
Easy process from beginning to end.
safe
I do not know
Buying is a risk if items do not arrive or seller changes shipping method to courriers who do not deliver and get charged hidden costs
It is a fast way to pay and makes you feel completely sure about the transaction and the provider. Of course I will recommend, great experience.
Very bad tracking for packages.
I would recommend alibaba for the huge range of suppliers that exist and the different products that can be purchased.
we have more security in doing business knowing that a prey has trade assurance service
It gives confidence on client, specially in the ones that it is tha first time buying
It is great actually.  Unfortunately we had a package go missing.  It was vital to put food on the table so we are disappointed but we know China is doing what they can.  I wish our relationship with China was better.  I love the Chinese people.  Their government is too aggressive.  I can't make excuses for past U.S. international policy however going forward we should be delicate with each other.
Always quick to respond to any issue.
I would recommend trade assurance on Alibaba because it is a great feature to protect yourself from very costly scenarios.
In the past few months, I have spent close to 5,000 usd and I have received different color glasses from what I ordered and bad filters with my masks, or sales girls boosting up the prices are shown in their company ads and even yet damaged boxes with crushed damaged products. But everyone has had their own excuse or lies about what is or what isn't their fault do to logistic cargo. I'm currently ordering some  magnetic bracelets after trying to negotiate with other vendors that tried to rip me off, while booting their prices too. I have even complained but no one cared...
The sellers don't commit to the initial agreement, and they always have excuses, alibaba doesn't make them hold accountable for their mistake. The sellers have no idea about exporting items to another country, meaning the country destination customs regulations, resulting in paying more at the end of the day, and making loosing money to the buyer
I do not need it.  no comments
not work on all country
I have not received my products yet
Excellent Service
I would recommend as i have had a good experience plus there is lots of choice.
i try to have refund from supllyer for a machine brooke and it look very hard to have my money back
I have not had to use it yet. I would hope it would be fair.
Payment is easy and delivery is assured.
I think it's essential.  Dealing so far in the world, you need to be protected
only commsion fees, maybe something cheaper. when we pay 10k usd the fees increase.
I am too busy now.
I feel secure using it with companies l have not done buisness with before
very user friendly, and millions of suppliers.
We get support and are assisted all along the process.
Its easy and high quality
It works well
It's good insurance.
n/a
Easy and secure
delivery date has not respectedprice agreement not respected and just change before the shipment
PERFECT
i will recommend trade assurance service because i was not disappointed with my first transaction, with also follow up email and messages before and after transaction
there are a lot of sellers that never answer to the inquiries or asnwer very late
can be safety for each transition
Cost and haven't so far needed it.
buena atencion al cliente.
likely
no kmlml klmlkm
I ordered a large package of lights all 120cm and the seller tried to find the best shipping solution. Tracking numbers were provided when available. All of this during covid crisis. Well done and will certain buy from this distributor again.
at this time it is very up in the air. I have an order that has been held up now for three weeks and as a small business owner, this is tragic
like to introduce families and friends
Orders have not arrived . I've had one order arrive slightly late but others that are weeks overdue.
Are a good bussines platform
piece of mind on your order
My item has not arrived.
Helen Yu from Yiwa Trading has been especially amazing! She has made the whole process super simple!
Aliexpress Standard Shipping should be provided to Alibaba sellers, epacked is dead, several problems.
It's good service.
The service was good and delivery was quick
I contacted you guys for support on a product fulfillment from one of your distributors and you guys provided me zero help on the matter. Not only did I not receive my product, but my money was tied up in the distributors account for weeks and I was advised by your staff of that being my only option. Right now I need to process a refund and your refund options does not have an option for failure to ship or deliver. This is a terrible business experience.
Have not had a bad experience
More smooth and user-friendly compared to Aliexpress. Prices are also cheaper
XXX
YESS
Items don’t come at one time.
easy to use
Shippings take a log time for your suppliers to ship
wide range of products but sometimes communication is a bit challenging with other suppliers
Great Service good quality products
This way I feel more comfortable and safe.
This way I feel more comfortable and safe.
I had an abusive tax of 200 eur from which the vat was only 100 and something and never beeon told about other taxes that are coming out. The order came in very bad condition i think i had some photos , the display i received it used and half of the nail polishes either are used or gone bag cannot tell the difference because they were not sealed and they make very weird lines. The texture is too think and the colour very fade. I worked with several brands and can tell the difference between quality and non quality and this they didnt deserve the price, or i received and old lot one of theese things can happen . Also in the transportation they were disaster inside except the dony tony where they were good sealed but even so one botle is broken. I dont mind for one broken botle but for the texture of  the gel material that is not quality top i mind especially because i wanted to make them my image of the salon. sad 800 eur stays in the back of the salon because i cannot use them/
Accurate and easy to use
one of my products did not have the bran visible to see or the ingrediencts...making it hard to transfer the product on Amazon....products shouild be able to be easily transferible to the Amazon warehouse..
Trade Assurance Service is a source of protection/prevention of scam for Buyer and Seller in Alibaba
the service that is offered is great
Low suplieres around the world.For example from Kazakhstan
no
It makes the transaction worry-free.
Simple,easy to use and save! Thumbs up!!
Yes, I cloud  recommend trade Assurance service due to good system for safety with the customer.
very simple
need more experience before we can give feedback
It's very safe. It remove the risk of international trading
I will recommend it because it is very simple to use.
I ordered an item which in the US is cheaper than in China. Now I can not resell it :(Also, I saw the other picture of face mask KN95, but the supplier send me another KN95 mask. I am very dissatisfied. Actually, it was the first time for my business that I am ordering for resail from China, and I have lost more than $4200.
w ask for specific products and they send us different, they send us also europen electric cord we are in canada it doesnt work here, bad service with some companies
too many alerts and confusion between different reps
trust, low risk
La plataforma es muy confiable.
This is my first time using have not had much experience to recommend.
.
excelent service and secure bussines
I need more experience and more transactions
i feel safer with my transactions
good and reliable service
Communication with the seller was continuous and clear.  Price was negotiated quickly and without any adverse issues.  Shipping and logistics was handled in a very expeditious manner by seller and arrived without any setbacks and in excellent condition.
....
Mucha demora en el envio de los productos, El costo del envio es demasiado caro
You almost source whatever you needed from Alibaba.com
Gives peace of mind.
Variety of product and service delivery
Still I can't say if its good or bad. I just made my first order.
n
I'm  for trade insurance 100%
My order was not properly filled.  I ordered 10 masks and 5 bags of filters and the vendor sent 5 masks and 10 bags of filters.So I still need 5 masks that I already paid for!
The website is good but my first order had alot of defects in my merchandise.
It provides an assurance the supplier will abide to the agreed contract
Excellent service, trustable and reliable.
am unable to make my oder .... its very difficulty ......i how come i have contact same one first to give me approval ... ?its difficult to make oder in alibaba.com why ?
I am being scammed by a seller. Poor quality item. Tried to cancel the order but seller shipped anyway and trade assurance rep allow even tho the order was not shipped. Still have not received the order and I will have to lose even more money to pay for return shipping after losing so much on returns for quality issues.
Good customer service
A lot of the representatives are great to work with.
It gives the buyer confidence to shop on your platform.
I had ordered last year and I had no issue. The product was delivered on time with the quality I expected.So, I ordered it again. But this second order had issue. DHL express mis-delivered the order package and DHL can't figure out where it was delivered. So, I complain to supplier. After lots of back and forth, I paid another $65 just for half the shipping charge and supplier has promised me to ship the second order again worth of about $600 again at no charge to me. I am keeping my finger crossed and hoping for the order to be delivered soon. The mis-delivery was neither fault of Alibaba or Supplier. I am happy at this time with the supplier the way he handled the scenario.
makes one feel safe
Sometimes you need more flexibility.
company stole my money, and now you're giving me a hard time when it comes to getting my money back. Never happened with amazon....
I still have not recieved my item
Alibaba dispute team does not even review the proof submitted by the client and just helps suppliers delay the issue.
Due to this COVID19 Pandemic, these services are becoming no so reliable.
The issue is there are sellers that advertise "Trade Assurance" and when you wish to place an order they refuse to accept it and request you pay directly to their bank??
trade assurance is a lie
Very useful and safe place for sending money.
My goods were not arrived into my country and Alibaba released the funds to my supplier without my consent
very nice cooperation
I paid 2%  commision of the total and I didn`t get any invoice from alibaba
well and fast reaspown
No one knows where is the product I bought.
Not enought transactions to have an opinion
Because you favor the Chinese supplier over the rights of the customers.
The platform is not the easiest to follow, however, once accounts are set up the process is pretty seamless
shipping not great
Thus far we have not had any issues with orders.  We are happy with everything.
For information where to go to buy products that they are looking for
Fast reliable and friendly...
Excellent service, ease of use and purchase guarantee
we use bank payment for our bussiness
Does not insure 100% of delivery.
makes no diference or not understand the benefits.
Satisfied
The interface is very clunky, the iphone app has a new update, which has been very slow and buggy! There are many errors!
I can recommend alibaba.com service, because it is secure to pay and we can release the payment after we receive and satisfied the product. However, on the messages side I can not see the company name besides the sales person and sometimes I mixed up. It is usefull to see the Name and Company name together.
I haven't receive my order yet. today is May 22, I ordered a month ago
The devices I ordered were not working properly, 1 of the devices wasn't fully working with all features. And one of the remote don't work. I notified the provider and sent videos but I didn't get a solution or response for that.
getting your money back is almsot impossible for orders.  you need to work on customer service and protection for the customer.
being able to track shipping and shipping times have become unmanageable. It has disrupted business too much
Whatever you do, chinese must do their dirty things to save cost. They make good product but poor boxes plus missing parts.How can we deal them?
I joined Alibaba in December 2019 and I have no complaints so far! Every business, supplier and representative I've spoken too and did business with have all been wonderful, nice and helpful!!! I spend a lot of time searching and looking on this site and I'm completely pleased with how my service has been with Alibaba. I've recently started using the payment section and what I like about it, is that it allows me to see what I'm ordering before I purchase, so if any changes need to be made, I can do so. I've received all my products on time and in great condition. The representatives are all so nice and have great response times even if mine isn't so great lol. Thank you so much Alibaba for providing a place where business owners and up and coming businesses can flourish. -XOXO
Clear and quick.
Did not receive my order even though you received payment and confirmed the shipment was completed.  I can find nowhere on your website where I can find out the supposed date it was delivered or advise you it was NOT RECEIVED at my address.
i like the products and the quick responses from the suppliers
Your systems is automated. The supplier is able to cheat. I did not get my product, he did not produce the product I asked, I have all the communication here via Alibaba and you still did not refund my money when the supplier was totally at fault.Once again, I still didn't get my product and supplier has admitted making a mistake when shipping my product. Why am I not getting my refund when I escalate?
They are great to work with
s
I would recommend Alibaba trade for its safety and security.
great customer service from vendor, easy check out, friendly
poor customer service, poor sellers who decieve you
I didn't say I would or wouldn't recommend albaba.
Imposible to pay with credit card
better tracking system
it is difficult to understand and navigate.  Needs to be simplified.
I have not had reason to use it yet, so do not know how well it works
It assures you get what your paying for by holding the supplier account for quality of goods and agreements.
Difficult to navigate. The language was poorly written. I accidentally confirmed my receipt of product when I thought it meant confirm payment receipt. Could have been worded differently to explain that I was confirming receipt of my goods.The order process is difficult. Seller had to manually enter my order information and confirm my address multiple times. No tracking information on the order.
You guys don’t confirm shipping from venders. My order is coming via sea then express based on what I’m told but vender is allowed to click express shipping and you mark it as received but I have yet to receive my order and cannot confirm where it is. Via fedex.
secure
Because 95% of the serches you find what is needed.
Hi thank you, I feel nervous using alibaba because I find that there are SO many pricing mistakes on listings it is impossible to have any confidence in a price when trying to order something, there has to be multiple messages back and forth between the seller and buyer which with the 12 hour difference can take forever. I also did not appreciate the fact that when there was a problem with something being out of stock and the seller asked me to put in for a refund which I did, I was not refunded the $21 I paid for the transaction fee. I did not think that was fair.
NO
It is safer and user friendly
I would recommend as its Trustworthy
It provides the assurance that our business payments are secured through a trusted platform like Alibaba.com. We will have more confidence in asking for orders then, via the companies that provides Trade Assurance as a source of payment for our orders.
safety purcahses
you guy scharged me for a package i never recieved. the merchant did business like a scammer.  i am very dissapointed
Services, very good.
Trade assurance is here to support Chinese businesses not otherwise
I like the feeling of having assurance that the companies are legit and that my payments are protected.
Unfortunately, the product that I ordered was not the item I received.  Also, after I paid the price of shipping increased and my order was returned to the Manufacturer.
Anything can be sourced
Great discounts
generally reliable and honest
I have an issue with an order and opened a dispute for refund as the tracking UPS says the products were not even shipped yet, and it's been 1 month since order was placed. The response from Alibaba was basically " to resolve the issue/s with the supplier" but the supplier insists it was shipped while the tracking UPS says it was not.
It was my first time using and it was easy to understand.
very good
When supplier give me wrong goods, I can't ask them to give the right good.
twerqt
Ali Babab vendors need to add the free gifts into the packages.
I would recommend beuacse it's safe and easy to use
Convenient for sourcing suppliers in China. Security for payments.
Reliable business service, easy support chat between suppliers and good prices.
Perfect! Top quality glass cutting edges.
Make decision easier.
good
.....
Sometime a little hard to understand what it is you are offering. For  example my shipment from the  supplier  was delayed and I didn't understand that I could change the delivery date to more that 30 days after shipment and the funds were released to the supplier. In fact the shipment wasn't shipped as it said that a shipping label was created. It was picked up I was told but didn't go anywhere for weeks it said shipping label created. When I spoke to Courier company they say we have no pickup for this item.  For me I did get the goods but it took more than 60 days and was sent with another carrier due to COVID which is understandable. Also I wanted to see if I could use Alibaba freight but couldn't work out how to use it...I hope this helps you.
I have
Half the good sent were wrong size
gives you security I recently pd for items I have yet to receive it is comforting knowing that I will be properly reimbursed when the product does not arrive in reasonable timeframe or as described.
this give peace of mind for business transections.
no  opino
I recommended
it is very efficient, and you will find absolutely everything you are looking for
I did not ask for it, I did not understand it, I get  a message that the trade assurance has expired - but I have not receive the goods yet ... what is the trade assurance?
I can see the care that the seller took in my order, even though it was small. I never worried that I would not get my merchandise, because I knew that the money for the seller was being held in escrow by Alibaba.
Good terms.
Because never try, not encouraging
Had a very good experience!
peace of mind.
Easy to find good supplier
the supplier took my money and I have not recieved any goods.
The process was a little unclear to start with and it was difficult for me to find information to answer my questions on the site.
never received my order.
Fast delivery and items arrived in perfect condition!
Trade assurance services are good.
ive rordered items 5 months ago that still have not arrived......
Great responses and products look exactly like pictures.
i have a problem for refund, i bought a produt poor quality and i cant get the refund
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service simply because of its implicit trust with any transactions on Alibaba.
I recommend
I never received my product, and the person who was handling it is incompetent! I am requesting that my credit card reverse the charge for products I paid for, but never received!
Transaction fees can be higher than others
It is harder to buy quickly with most orders beeding to wait for a supplier, all products once set up a chat or order are sold already. This even happens with DH Gate, no stock all the time. Companys need to update their stock levels on these apps as i have had to refund so many lately.
Seems reliable.Could be easier user interface when placing orders.
n/a
Because suppliers try to always to avoid you when you receive bad products with some factory issues and also some supplier add you an Alibaba Fee wich is not fair.. they try to get back the fee they have to pay for selling on this platform and what they do is that they add that Alibaba fee on the sipping cost so you dont get notice it. you have to control that.
They is a "trap" in your system, when supplier ships lately, or when transport company is too slow : you automatically consider after a certain amount of time that the goods arrived, EVENIF the tracking says that it is not the case !We can only extend the delay once, and only 15 days...This is a stupid feature of your own, which make your Trade Assurance useless.
.
fast shipping high cost and one month waiting
clear and easy to work with
Payment to european account avoid high bank fees and it?s fast. Additionally payment is protected against e.g. bankrupcy of manufacturer
I don't want to have to download more apps on my laptop the system should NOT require you to have limited access!!
hice un pedido que no llego y no me reembolsaron, fue un robo
I have had a great experience
safe and confortable
it is reliable, trustworthy and  secure Trade deals.
You need to work on the UI and translations if you want more western customers.
My orders are coming smooth . The only thing that I dont like is that reject my card and the bank said that it doesnt have a problem. I tried to reach customer service and nothing
Ease of use and the peace of mind that you wont lose your money should something go wrong.
Why in messages EVERY TIME to display the same tips for fools ??
With current pandemia and travel restrictions more and more sourcing will be conducted remotely. Alibaba is the best way to get to know new vendors, but since a business relationship hasn't been established Trade Assurance provides the necessary trust -- Alibaba will make things right if a promise is not delivered.
none
I feel that my money is protected
Because there are alot of Products, A tad overwhelming at times. Can't wait to be able to communicate on this better. MAybe informtion on ways to approach to the potential supplier.
I know my purchase is guaranteed.
Good service!
I think that it is important knowing that the products will be quality and as requested
no comment
I HAD RECENTLY ORDERED ITEMS. IT SHOWED THREE QUARTER WAY DELIVERED, THEN ALIB BABA SENDS ME EMAIL SAYING I WILL GET MY REFUND, NO EXPLANATION, THEN I FIND OUT FROM SUPPLIER MY ITEMS WILL NOT BE SENT! ALSO REFUND I RECEIVED, THEY TOOK OUT TRANSACTION FEE, IT IS NOT MY FAULT THEN WHY DID ALIBABA CHARGE ME FEES! VERY DISAPPOINTED!
good for business transaction
they listen my problems and understood the situation
no benefit
From my experience some sellers are not honest and will convince you till you path with your money for a product that is less than the quality negotiated
It protect the customer from any unforseen incidences and gives customer confidence in doing business with supplier on your platform
Many good choices, secure site, easy to use.
I have not used this service long enough to have an opinion.
I would recommend it since it is very easy to navigate even for a non experienced non- comercial user!
My goods have not arrived and I was told on my dispute to keep waiting.
communication with customer service is poor. I would like to interact with real people
It seems to be a very effective method when logistics is stagnant due to the influence of corona like this time. For some products, logistics was delayed at the ports exported from China, and I was in trouble because I could not make inquiries for either of Japan and China. Although the payment from our company has already been completed, there were times when the whereabouts of the products were unknown and the shipping destination felt inconvenient. However, I am glad that this kind of thing was solved by the resumption of logistics. Trust is important for business, so they kept it.
Not had too much experience yet to answer the question
s
Never received the goods that I ordered and paid for.
High commission % rate
very disappoint payd 1000 arrived 250 scam
Shipping prices are outrageous.
Easy to use, and assurance for first time purchase from a vendor.
Great service and suppliers are willing to help...
The order which has been paid and received was closed without seeking buyer feedback to see if the item received is right or not. How is this possible!?
i do recommend Trade Assurance Service only for the first and second time dealing with new supplier
its great
WOULD RECOMMEND
Easy to order and pay. Like retail operation.
My bottles arrived looking exactly how I expected !
I would recommend it because there are lots of options and the website is easy to use. It also makes it easy to communicate with suppliers.
It can be a bit cumbersome to use sometimes. The interface should be simplified
finding quality products / higher end
its fine
the shipping cost too high
na
por que brinda confianza hacer negocios atravez de este portal, pero hay problemas en la devolucion de dinero en la controversia
I do not believe that the trade assurance services adequately protects the buyers.
I am not looking to c
excellent
Convenience of having thousands of seuupliers all in one place.
I would recommend it. It makes shopping in bundle and overseas a bit more trustworthy, and less likely to be scammed with the protection of trade assurance.
Because it is easy
I like the page.
ok
Because i am happy.
The dispute process is ridiculously taking way too long.  Buyers are not protected as well as they claim.
reliable, very competitive pricing and quality
The process is not transparent and favours the supplier. There is actually no protection because if the supplier refuses to give back the money Alibaba can do nothing. This is not clear and causes a lot of mistrust, stress and wastes time. You should also make it clear to people that buying through alibab trade assurance (3rd party) will make their credit card protection invalid!
Easy, affordable, quite fast, good product.
I greatly recommend Trade Assurance Service makes feel secure when purchasing
I still have not received my package and you are asking my opinion ... and on the other hand you have closed the insurance regarding this purchase .. I am very surprised ... by where my notes
I've had no problem so far with the system.
you don't know if hey are real people. Scared to get scammed
becasue it is an excellent service.
Peace of mind and trust to buy
Trust and comforting to navigate the complexity
Manufacturer did misleading add. I paid much money and did not receive refund for wrong products.
Because it is a professional site at the service of customer satisfaction. very good merchandise, variety and at good prices, although sometimes they are affected by shipping fees.
It adds a need level of confidence to deal directly with overseas vendors
See my refund application.
It takes a lot of work out of validating the supplier.
Would recommend - it's pretty self explanatory and there are FAQs that help answer some questions. Would not recommend - the description does not specify what is covered. I had to speak with a rep in order to get the full understanding.
great customer service
I recommend it because it gives you peace of mind knowing Alibaba can refund if deal was unsuccessful.
I recommend the Trade Insurance Service because you are sure that everything is going normally.
Very user friendly and safe shopping
Fast and clear service
na
You took my money and closed the order even though I never received my earrings
I don't know what is trade assurance
the inconsistency in the products and the time from purchase to shipment to delivery.
I would recommend Trade Assurance, as it protects the buyer.
I would recommend because it is simple and good quality service
not sure how it works
I would recommend it because it keeps people honest. I had one supplier immediately asked me to deal outside of Alibaba and email him... but I would have lost any protection. I am grateful trade assurance exists
Provides confidence
It has worked for me. I have ever got a refund when a supplier tried to cheat me and refused to ship the goods after receiving payment.
because I STILL don't REALLY understand what it is
very good
I would definitely recommend this service as it provides the security for shopping with Alibaba.
Great service
It safe
For security purpose.
i do not like
Trade Assurance is okay but the shipping is the bit problem. Also, some suppliers are not good English speaking.
Order cancelled by seller. No refund.
Sellers usually know the rules, so they can cheat the uneducated buyer with the rules against them.
Easy pay, can you add Paypal and Payoneer too?
great communication and fast service
I will always use trade assurance service as this makes me feel comfortable and good to trade.
For the safety of the products.
The recent order of mine has not
super quality ,fast delivery and easy communication
it was a good purchase
it works
no idea
safe
Very badly made and confusing platform. I try to avoid it as much as I can.
Makes me feel secure ordering I really like It!
very easy to work with vendors
When a dispute happens there is no help given by Alibaba. The seller con the new buyer in to a deal which does not give specifics about the product and when material arrive it not what you ordered. They make excuses about not been able to receive payment through Alibaba and demand that the money  be sent through other methods so they don't have to responsible for the product quality.
Customer service not very friendly
Great service, easy to track orders and I know its safe
is perfect
easy to communicate
It gives me extra assurance as a buyer.
sure, I can
Customer service is more than accommodating.
Payment always failure
i used to use alibaba many many years ago and i found it much easier to use then now.  I have issues with trying to find order and keep them organized and when u save in the cart u can not send the order before hand to get deals and its frustrating.  I also have a tough time with the messages.  I check them only on your app or on my lap top and i have found messages that i didn't know sent months after.. i love buying cool things from this site but i find it difficult.
excelent service and secure
The main thing is getting your packages in good conditions and being satisfied seeing your deals had gone through due to trusting a platform that works... Alibaba and its Trade Assurance Service makes this happen...
So far i would but i've only ordered once and i don't fully understand some of the processes associated with reaching out to the supplier before placing an order. Is this to negotiate prices
the speed of financial transactionsa secure platform
I recommend because the service is one of the best, is a place that I trust.
Late in delivery but probably due to this pandemic.
Everything has been great with the purchases thru Alibaba until our last purchase from Guangzhou Shenyi Packaging Co., Ltd.The product was in terrible conditions and 47% defected, the manufacture had an unbelievable excuse to every defect. we had to file for a complaint. After several weeks of wasting our time .. we receive a  response apparently from Alibaba Settlement suggesting that we should accept $100 refund because the inspection will be to expensive. Somehow this suggestion felt one sides towards Guangzhou Shenyi Packaging Co., Ltd. benefit. At the end, they offer to refund $300 USD which at the end we accepted after so many draining conversations. We are an small and honest company that wants to find trust in every transaction and the backup from Aliababa when Manufactures execute a bad job and not as promised or agreed.
es muy seguro
I kept a budget for so long trying to find the right seller to buy products from. After I chose my seller, ordered a sample discussed the fabric everything was going well but once I ordered the bulk, the seller changed the fabric, the labels were not adjusted properly, elastics were sticking out of the swimwear, it was unsaleable, I contacted customer service stating the assurance service and what happened, they said that I have to pay another 500$ USD for an investigation that will determine whether or not I am eligible for a refund and they did not take me seriously. I order so much from Aliexpress and never had any problems with the refunds, but alibaba seriously disappointed me so much, I don't feel protected.
I WOULD RECOMMEND BECAUSE ALL MY PRODUCT HAVE BEEN AS EXPECTED
Service is good. Always kept up to date with order progress
you don?t give follow up to the shipments
Some suppliers do not get back to you at all. Some suppliers are very slow in responding. Some suppliers are awesome.
excellent service
simple connection to the world
I love that I can trade with confidence and that suppliers are also protected - it's a great system.
Fiz uma compra e n?o tive nenhum a poio da Allbaba!Onde está a garantia prometida pelo site?O fornecedor prometeu um prazo e n?o entregou a mercadoria dentro do prazo. prometeu para 2 ou 3 semanas, já passou 7 e a mercadoria ainda nem chegou no Brasil.
none
I would ,easy transaction
YOU NEED TO GET BETTER OUR ORDERS
The commission rate/fee is too high.
Very easy to speak to your suppliers and great for privacy.
Very good service, and safe agreemments
customers are protected using the trade assurance service
The system it self is amazing.but I did not satisfied with my product. it was a little bit low-quality.Except that I love the Alibaba and the supplier customer service. :)
Very easy to contact suppliers and manufacturer
I had one of the best experience in Alibaba finding right and best supplier of my selected industry. thanks alibaba
It gives me peace of mind.
You released funds on 1st order when supplier - said they would send goods to replace damaged order in 1st shippers possession.  Instead of waiting until goods had arrived.When I attempted to chat, your systems artificial intelligence could not discern the issue or hand me to a person. In order to proceed with vendor I was forced to commit to ordering a 2nd unit and after you released funds for 1st order they did send it but by removing items from the order so only sent a partial order but because of your incorrect procedure I no longer have Assurance. If I paid direct with Paypal or Credit Card I would have had ore assurance as I could have got a full refund.
I had an issue with a supplier and Alibaba did not make efforts to help me solve the issue.
Alibaba has never let me down and shipping is super fast. Thanks so much.
I ordered via trade assurance. I never received my order, I didn't get a tracking number. And then you marked it as order received. It was never received! What is the purpose of trade assurance then ?
Trusted, Many direct supplyers.
gives me peace of mind
It is worthless. I had problems with my order and received no help from the Trade Assurance Service. It is a joke. There is no actual Trade Assurance. My order was not shipped on time or at the specifications I requested. Alibaba did not help me in any way, and for that reason I will not recommend them or use this platform for my business.
Shipping takes too long I feel like my package is not coming
The insurance of purchases guarantees all parties can deal in good faith.
the good reason is, some of them (the sellers) could be explain all the whole things and help me and even ask what my confused. even though there's always some sellers that didn't help me when i want to buy their goods. but it's ok. overall, i satisfied with Alibaba and the seller.And i know, that this website has a good way to showing us hte rate from the seller.
I believe trade assurance makes sure you are getting the products you need and avoiding any wrong doing from unknown manufacturers or brokers.I have not had an issue yet, to see how well it works.
At the moment the shipping prices are not good.
fast response & good selection of prices
Money is granted back if you only use the right channel
IF RECOMMENDED, FOR THE RETURN THAT THEY MAKE WHEN THERE IS A BREACH OF PAYMENT
It's simple and makes the process of purchasing from suppliers less risky.
to many sellers here play games !!!! say they have get your money then say i dont have or sorry not 10 days but 30 days things like this or sorry not the size you want i not have now  just stupid stuff then you end up with so much money waitng refund !    i think these kind of sellers needs to be kicked off   your site
The quality of the products I bought were great
The shipping was quick.
expensive
Because
It's safe and simple.
problematic process if a problem rise with the order
Regarding order number Order No.37943582501023330 which was my first purchase here and supplier
Manufacturer offer fully customized products at low minimums. Affordable prices for small or large businesses looking to create a full line of products.  Representatives have quick response rate and excellent customer service.  They also offer samples shipped to your door before you make bulk orders. Most of my vendors keep an open communication by offering updated photos through the alibaba message system. Payment options offered and having trade assurance gives me peace of mind that my payments are safe. I have had no problems conducting my business through Alibaba. This was the best decision I have ever made for my business. Mahalo Alibaba for creating incredible networks for oversea business.
I didn't received any package and any refund  because computer answered in the dispute "no refund".  Package is still missing.
trade assurance is secured
I had paid for product I did not receive for 4 moths until now. I am upset and angry with the company I ordered flags, instead they said they send flag poles I never received. The seller is a fruadster.
Lots of companies provide their prices very low in their website.However, You can contact with the suppliers, they do not say their prices in website. And, you spend a waste of time. It is a disappointment. I do not recommend the Alibaba. And the suppliers do not shipped timely manner.I have to remind them, for many times.
j'ai demandé le remboursement de ma commande 1005756936N° de commande34260867001026660Montant payéUSD 237.10et je n'ai pas été remboursé. mon compte IBAN FR7630056000350035071420049 BIC CCFRFRPP MARCENET CHRISTIAN.Le problème est que ma carte visa qui a servi à payer la commande a été perdue entretemps. Il faut donc faire un virement sur le compte ci-dessus. j'ai déjà donné ces coordonnées mais pas de réponse.Merci par avanceC. Marcenet
Easy, safe - many thanks
love it
Alibaba.com is th e best place for business transactions. Your money, goods and services are in good hands.??????. Please, keep the good job going.
expensive fee
It's a strong back up in case the provider don't honour the contract.
jnkbxyj
Because some of the vendors tell me they have problems with it.
I like the protection of the buyer!
I feel safe to make business with new suppliers
Feels secure.
I would recommend as this is a safe method when starting new business relationships.
Secure and trust
Gives you peace of mind
Finding suppliers is easy
Trade assurance run out before the shipment arrived. Shipment will arrive in 3-4 weeks and insurance passed over.
N/a
So so
I am waiting for a refund of USD 4,900 for almost a month!
Quick and easy
clear order overview, never problems, secure feeling
order number 34790226501027733 has been a constant headache and no sufficient help
Very good quality warranty
I did not receive my money back for merchandise that was damaged and different from what ordered.
Its buyer protection. When I first used Alibaba I was scammed for very little money so this has been a major improvement.
My trade assurance was "completed" before I received my order. The trade assurance system should be intelligent enough to at least monitor tracking numbers that are supplied with the order. Moreover if Alibaba is completing a trade assurance process it should at least ask the end customer once whether the order arrived and was satisfactory.
not sure i understand it
Timeliness of manufacturers is not always good.
I feel more confident in my purchase if I can use Trade Assurance.
The service fees is quit expensive
Alibaba takes care of its customer
I really will recommend trade assurance service, because I was almost scammed on the aliba site close to 4500 usd, later when i asked the supplier to draft a trade assurance contact, he reused, later when i studied the product i had wanted to purchased, the information he gave me were all wong that was why he was insisting that I should make direct payment into his personel account instead of drafting a trade assurance contract, Again he does not communicate with with on the Alibaba pateform, he always uses whatsapp to communicate with me.So i really LOVE the trade assurance policy in Alibaba.
it assures that sellers are legitimate
great communication with most distributors and decent timing due to the distance and due to the COVID-19.
Peace of mind
No tax.
very poor service from the providers, in fact they have not returned my money.
At this moment, I am waiting for a DISPUTE due to the fact that product received at our side is a COUNTERFEIT. Unfortunately all efforts in order to negotiate on fair basis are not taken seriously by some suppliers, specially on this moment. The raw material which was imported at this time would be used to produce hands sanitizer to fight against COVID.19. Now, product was imported but received at our side and lab verification proved that it is not the product as expected. Very sad. I am waiting for this DISPUTE in order to better send my considerations related to TRADE ASSURANCE SYSTEM.
I felt safe how things work, but I definitely recommend new buyers to talk to a supplier before placing an order.
Couldn't access to the staff who can handle Trade Assurance Service.
Customer Service at the Pettigirl store was top notch.
had the best price and good item and security
friendly curtious service. very helpful
Buy 500 cases for wine (Yongkang Hangpan Industry & Trade), we indicate to the supplier that the delivery would be in the factory of another supplier (Zhongshan), we pay and we trust in it, until today we do not receive the goods.
Dificult to place a semple order
Because I don't feel this helps. Have had many issues with vendors and the answer from Alibaba has been that given Covid 19 things are delayed. That is only hurting sellers like myself and not factories.
no
i am happy with a professional dealing
I haven't used the service and don't know very much about it.
I don't want anyone else to get scammed like I just did.
fair
shipping tracking information is not very accurate
some of the vendors do not communicate within 4 days of paying for items
Added safety
No lo recomiendo porque no llego mi producto y el portal web, cambio el estado de entrega del producto, pese en no recibirlo. No he recibido un correo de seguimiento para corroborar si logre recepcionar aun sigo a la espera.
There are some issues to develop and get better, They are good but coud be better.
Confidence of ordering and delivery
NO VAS
So far, my overall experience using Alibaba has been successful but I am a relatively new business on here so could not fully endorse the website on recommend on my limited experience.
Good connection with suppliers
My shipment has not arrived 3 weeks after I have ordered. Furthermore, the shipper change the address delivery without my notice and now i have to try to locate them.
Shipping takes too long
I feel safe by using this site
Every time I have tried to use it, the claim has been denied. Its difficult to navigate and I always felt that the person whom I was speaking with at Alibaba automatically took the side of the seller.
Hi Team,Please Help me to refund my amount I never got any product my amount of 1166 USD Deduced on your website bank charged me with 1200.92 USD but I never got any Product. I paid through my credit Card (Mastercard Standard Chartered Bank) the seller committed to delivering me goods at my doorstep?in 5 days now you can see how many days have been passed and I have not received any shipment. The seller delivered me goods through Aramex courier from Hong Kong to Karachi against the commitment He committed me that he will deliver me goods at my address as given in the order. I live in Lahore and never went to Karachi City. This City is 1200 KM away from my home town. Aramex Courier Says they cannot help me as goods are in go down of customs. Now tell me whom should I talk neither I know anyone in Karachi not in Aramex nor in Customs and place is 1200 KM away from my city. Now tell me what is the meaning of Doorstep delivery.
There are loop holes in it and it doesn't really protect you in most instances even if its proven seller has been unfair in the dealing
muy seguro
for first time buyers its great. For existing relationships most seller prefer to go direct and not use Alibaba trade assurance
Alibaba is good service but some of the supplier is not good service
We have a big difficulty with communication, I had 2 terrible experiences with Trade Assurance Services.Both I have submitted evidences that goods were damaged and on both Trade Assurance Service toke the supplier side claiming that there were not eneugh evidences.Trade Assurance Service is not fair.
no
When had issues with the order, the service provided by Alibaba was absolutely shocking. Definitely decreased number of transactions here since. Not worth the risks knowing that "trade assurance" is just a marketing without any real protection.
Every time I have had any issue with the seller. It has been dealt with appropriately. I feel that I can rely on Alibaba Trade Assurance to provide me with reliable means to find the products and merchants that I need.
recommend
I didn't receive smartphone and money back
very safe your money and very good service
That meake you buy feeling a bit safety.
.
Very easy to use.
Because there's no rules on the final conformation and agreement on the final product and without that conformation production should not start. Some companies make it clear some don't and the ones that don't have problems at the end
Very good!
I recommend it because it makes your orders more secure
n/a
Service is excellent from most suppiiers
i am ok but I am missing a surf boar I order from a company and I have still not received it
Easy to find many supliers . Easy to pay orders.
I would recommend because it is the safest of all assurances.
Low price and quality
The suppliers are very engaged and responsive. The cost and supply advantages of having access to the Chinese manufacturing capability is significant.
all ok
Alibaba is a mix of good and bad suppliers. We can buy items safely regardless of such situation thanks to Trade Assurance .
i receieved products with trade assurance but product quality is very bad and supplier is not accepting. I have done escalation to Alibaba but still no actions for my refund
Everything goes quickly and with confidence
no reasons
Everything is very bad. Today the manager called from your site and rude us. He also has all of our personal data.
one seller on your website ripped me off for 1500 dollars . they stalled me until the time was up. they gave me the run around and i lost 1500 dollars. so trade assurances not work. I reported them 3 times to you and you guys said work with the seller
It does not protect you. Even if you do not receive the goods!
I didn't have any problems at all, but felt secure if there was a problem I'd be ok.
that is interesting
It deserve 10 on 10. Thanks
nothing especially.
it is reliable
I think its because the coronavirus, but shipping rates are too high and delivery time is incredibly slow. It causes less customers to purchase. Also the first product I ordered was never received , i had to ask for a refund, i'm still waiting on the refund. I ordered a large batch so i can ship the product myself, but i'm nervous about it because i don't know if the quality is great and if i'll even receive the product.
I have never had the need to use it so I don't know what it's effectiveness is.
Very little support in disputes.
All of my purchases have problem.
I would recommended. it makes me feel secure
Because there is no way to raise a complain.I had an issue with a supplier. i had her to change shipment dates, According to Alibaba records that shipment was going to be in my hands a specificities date. The thong was that the supplier have no even shipped the goods. I received the package 6 o 7 days after Alibaba alerted that the good were in country.
nothing came to me is a scam.
If everybody gives me service as Lily Zhang did  I will most definitely  recommend Alibaba
Fee rate
good
Dealing with a well known company standing behind your purchases is awesome.
Product arrived, and the price was right.
Manufacturers need to be separated from suppliers.  Too many suppliers using photos of products that they do not have.  They have cheap imitations and using stock photos.  Products look nothing like photos. Stop supplies from doing this.
I recommend Trade assurance, because this is a great way to secure my future order in case anything happens to my order and, also I could have full information as supplier confirm before placing my order.
Theoretically it is back by Alibaba.
The display showing letter size is too small. Also writing space is narrow and limited.
anything anytime easy
It guarantees the other party will follow through and if they do not the Trade Assurance will step in to help.
User friendly and very easy to communicate with suppliers
i have had good luck with the sellers ive dealt with.
a lot of trading and middleman
It gives piece of mind knowing that I have trade assurance benefits.
a little extra security for your investment
The sale representative is so much helpful.
transportation is expensive, takes time. tax
IT SEEMS THE SAFEST
100% legit
It reduces the fear of ordering from such a distance from suppliers one cannot meet in person. So far I have had a good experience and I feel confident ordering.
great service
unfair Fees charged for cancelled transaction
Because it is great to make sure you have this in place in the event anything goes wrong.
I would recommend for the security of your order.
Quick response.
I have had good transactions and one bad transaction where I lost money.
I've had an issue in the past with a supplier and even with Trade Assurance received no support from the Alibaba support service.
BUEN PRODUCTO LLEGO EN TIEMPO Y FORMA
Time allocation for receiver to action any problem with product is much too short.  I have not received a product to date at my destination address within the required time frame to action product dispute - actually even double the time is not enough.
I would recommend TSA, the customer service and products is outstanding.
Range of choice, good client service.
All the suppliers are mostly great at communicating quickly
I would recommend, as it gives me peace of mind knowing my funds are protected and that I am likely to get what I paid for
a lot of productsprovide supplier   usefull information to choosetracking of delivery
99 % Sellers dont want go through Alibaba for payment they want deal via WhatsApp  and pay them direct
Some time when when I am purchasing a single product, the feedback from the vendors take longer, sometime even they do not give feedback
I recomment TAS for anyone, cause Alibaba platform is a complete place for all businesmans.
there are many uncorrect  and  non direct  producers ,  many many delalers, sometime very small. Just the refubnd  policy is helpful . Only that
I trusted Alibaba. I fell for the idea that trade assurance is going to protect me in the event i do not get what was agreed upon...I have had three issues and none have been taken care of.I was shipped items that were supposed to be new and sealed that were sold to customers . These customers then within a couple days of receiving the items and some the very day...send me photos of the items....most of them cracked in the same place, i sent those pictures to you. Yet i was denied a partial refund to cover those defective pieces.20 pieces ordered, 11 returned as defective within a week of the customers receipt. All i asked for was $200 which would not cover the 11 pieces at $30/pc i paid.
Service provided and delivered as stated
nil
safe, fast, convenient
Unexpected taxes
my order his destructed ? SAV not responded Fucking website
SAFE TRANSACTION, GREAT SERVICE
So far none
Trade assurance give me the confidence in the buying.
I have been with Alibaba
Shipping prices are unreasonably high, takes forever for orders to be fulfilled & received. Far better suppliers available for same merchandise.
Honesty, good products and on time.
competition purposes
Convenience and safety
Many suppliers do not have accurate listing descriptions for their items. They deploy a special tactic to list their items so it comes up as the lowest price and when you ask about that particular product and get the quote, they give you a higher price and claim that the advertised price is for an item that is of lower quality and/or does not include certain items that are clearly shown in the listing pictures and/or descriptions. This makes it very time consuming for businesses to find the item they really need since the advertisements are so misleading that we have to ask many questions while be pressured to place an order with the supplier right away without knowing all the information of the product they are trying to push on us. In addition to that, suppliers take a long time to reply even though they are using the chat feature that is supposedly instantaneous. This makes it hard for someone to place an order the same day they find a product they are interested in.
Details were not completely disclosed to me, and I never received my order, it was returned to the seller, and I've not received a refund.
Good quality products
Competitive pricing and kind and effective customer service
TRADE ASSURANCE IS A SAFETY PROTECTION MEASURE FOR CUSTOMER
is dificult to get the rigth answer fromthe supliyers, you ask for especific think and they answer incomplete
supplier never response your question until you talk to them around 5 times
Because many of the sellers are now taking payment and not delivering goods in anything like a timely manner and some not at all.
i feel safe using it
Most of the suppliers give great samples but when the real products are sent, they are not god quality.  Also they are always late in shipping.
its very easy to purchase... i just love it i spend hoursssss looking for things i need.
I still have not received my order 35107426501022625 last message said it was delayed and now you assume that it is complete, please help me I was so looking forward to receiving it . Averil
alibaba is the best ... keep it up . thanks
There are too many manufacturers and trading companies who are just thinking "I want to sell things".They lack the means to gain trust by exchanging information and contacts more frequently and accurately.
As i invented there is some not sellers that doesn't sell items from given manufactures. For example it works for manufacture which sells wooden things, but seller try to sell laptops
zonesuntech makes defective product.  Desktop embosser was a total piece of garbage.
Service is very good and the communication was great
Because in the current situation, I have no way to determine what has happened to my shipment so I have no way of knowing whether to call on Trade Assurance.  It has been two months since I placed my order and I still do not have the product.  The vendor says they shipped and it is stuck in shipping.  What can I do?
How did seller get my money when order has not arrive almost 3 months?
We have the feeling that you only take decisions in the interest of the supplier and not the client. But the problem is that will decrease your reputation with us (the clients). And without clients, I dont know how you can exist?
not used it
all  my suplliers are always adding alibaba's fee and trade assurance fee- 5% - to my bills.so, all products always are becoming expensive for me with this 5%!!!!always!!!with every my suppliers!!!!
Good service and very prompt.
Fast and safe
they resolved my issue quickly, i trust them to be fair. website is working well.
indifferent
is very nice, alibaba has good services
I find that Alibaba sales reps did all that is possible to meet you needs
everything is very confusing. Poor coordination between webpage and the mobile app. It is very difficult to keep track of all messages.
No reason
Trade Assurance is the best way for the customers and company owner that make the contract easier and safer
I dont want increase quantity of competitors)))
the item looks just like the picture every item fits and delivery was on time
problems with shipping and the seller does not agree to finally send me the correct item, he is going around a lot to solve the problem
It's all about competition
I have  another order from Alibaba   and units are defective. I am  biz member since 2005
Did not got refund in past for damaged product.No supplier ship items in a promised lead time.
The system is complicated to understand,  i know because the corona virus everything were affected, but the  have to follow the
Trade Assurance gives me the mental security to know I won't be taken advantage of.
After talking with suppier , They really worried about Alibaba QC .That make me more confidence to decide.
Too Slow Refund Process
It's great
i recommneded because is a good assurance my  products  i like it very much and the servise that give it to me
help with seller more than the buyer
I had a case that i needed a refund on and was very dissapointed in the way you guys Handled it.
Yes, I recommend  the Trade Assurance Service to any one  who wants to import from China ; it is RELIABLE,  and Trust-worth.
good communication
no
it works fine
Easy Business
Good service
no command
Because i sell my customers from here why would i show them?
Best service ever. Robert and his team were polite through out the conversation
service is great
It provide me assurance for my money, and fee is reasonable as well, currency conversion rate is much better than PayPal.
N/A
Very Professional
Trade Assurance provides me with certainty and security.
Its a good idea.  Safeguards money during the fragile beginning stages when building relationship with suppliers
I have received high quality products.
SERIA LA ?NICA FORMA DE ASEGURAR QUE LAS MERCADER?AS LLEGUEN BIEN A DESTINO
The application has some flaws to communicate with vendors, is not easy to use and does not let me get a backup of the conversation made.
All transactions so far have been smooth, it's good to know that trade assurance is there just in case, would recommend.
Had two horrible deliverys parts made wrong and parts extremely damaged need to file for refunds now
Trade assurance is unclear and always seems to favor the vendor.
I'm forced to pay for trade assurance but I don't get any benefit from it
Great communication. Quick and simple. A+
it is convenient.
N/A
Trade assurance is good, but the transaction fees should not be claimed from buyers. Suppliers tend to do this and it adds to buyer cost
shipping cost for products.
it is safe and reduces the possibility of losing money through fraud
nothing to comment
I had tried to reach out multiple times regarding the issues. No one responded. I was asked to get a damage report for which my carrier did not get me a report. The boxes were not damaged during shipping. You could clearly see that the supplier did not strap in a 5 lb item inside the component due to this is was damaged by the supplier since it was loose. You need to have the ability to communicate.
The new buyer terms for free shipping it was only like $40 which is basically nothing when it costs hundreds of dollars or more to ship orders.  I was disappointed with that. I do not see any real differences or deals to regular everyday prices. Many of the MOQs are so high. They should offer the ability to purchase smaller quantities to test for quality and consistency. I am not going to invest thousands of dollars on a product based only on online pictures. One sample doesn't show me the consistency of quality and craftsmanship. I need like 50 or 100 to test this.
good pricing once you get that certain amount waived off from shipping
thank
I never got my new buyer free shipping, and Apple Pay did not work
At first i was impressed with all of Alibaba offers.I thought was a great place to purchase products i require. Im currently having issus with a seller. My overall opinion of Alibaba is generally is diminishing.
alibaba dont protect buyer
It is great to see the new products, the videos and live events allow you to actually have a more in-depth idea of what you are purchasing and you have very open quick communication with the vendors/manufactures which is great. The only downfall is that the prices never match what is listed when viewing a product. Example: A item says its $55-65 for one but than you speak with them to place an order and the item is $200 for one. There needs to be more honest pricing so that you aren't surprised by the actual price. Also why do some charge a fee and others don't? This is on top of the price and shipping. It seems there is no reason or way to tell until they send you the actual order.
i would recommend trade Assurance Service cause it gives you peace of mind
When the sellers ship the low quality and different items to you, you can not do anything. The sellers mostly answer rudely to buyers because they know there is no punishment for their faults.
My order finalized and released funds to the seller before I received the goods. As a new user I wasn't aware this would happen and if I did I would have extended the time until payment.
I pay only through Trade Assurance because I don't want to be deceived and I am left without money!
I recommend Trade assurance to Assure the product quality
Good communication with sellers
it's a safe situation to buy
Great products and prices.
Great product and fast shipping
thank you, I couldn't give you a reason
I did not get the March Expo pro
I had a very easy time finding new hot merchandise for my store during March Expo, I am very happy with the options and selection
too scatter brained advertising.
Your sellers lie about their pricing. They did not give free shipping for test products. 6 out of 7 of the products I tested arrived pre opened and used. Its was gross for normal times. Even worse considering we are in a global pandemic.
i have never gotten the new buyer free shipping before
alibaba does not provide invoices, doesn't protect customers, didn't protect with disputes
Reliable
I do not currently have much experience using Alibaba. I do prefer Trade Assured suppliers.
na
CONSIGLIEREI QUESTO SERVIZIO IN QUANTO RAPPRESENTA UNA GARAZIA PER GLI IMPRENDITORI.
Credit card was charged $167.86 when it should have been 108.15. Two out of three orders did not arrive.
commination with sellers very bad and slow
Trade assurance is a must for international transactions
i did not use your expo
safe, secure and credibility.
very bad dispute i m plane to sue Alibaba
not
Refunds process for dishonest sellers is geared toward the benefit of the seller not the benefit of the buyer. One is better off with Paypal.
sellers didnt represnt pricing accurately at times.
nice variety of products and services. good customer service. decent prices and shipping :)
Most factories make your designed product and later make same product and selling and showing for other competitors and other stores around the world. They creating dishonest situation to Alibaba as provider this platform for this stores. For example shoe factory ,link: Choozii Guangzhou International Shoes Co., Ltd. Operational Address: 402, No. 7-4, Xijiu Street, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China Website:  http://www.chooziishoes.com Website on alibaba.com: cnchoozii.en.alibaba.com They violated signed contract and were selling our USA company Patented and Copyright registered designs  without any permit to other stores around the world. To reach Alibaba to stop this craziness was impossible. You don't have option to report this violation. Also we called Alibaba office in USA, but NOONE NEVER responded. I hope this will be read  and Alibaba will take action against  cnchoozii.en.alibaba.com  Choozii Guangzhou International Shoes Co., Ltd.
Becasue of a supplier sent me defective products and alibaba insurance did nothing to help after contacting them multiple time
not shipping correct items. not shipping at all.
n/a
easiness to use
Most vendors ask for 100% up front so the pay as you go option is irrelevant.  I would buy more if payment is more flexible.
Just another promotion... Ho Hum... Just give me everyday low prices without the hassle of waiting for a special promotion.
very clear and efficient
Easier payments (CC) and post-delivery protection.
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance Service because of the safety guaranteed to the consumers.
.
personal
nice
Wrong shipping cost calculator by Alibaba. Purchase 3 items with shipping included, but seller had to manually changed it as pricing is incorrect, one seller rudely requested I cancelled order
some sellers never get back to you
.
I would recommend, because I found some products at a very good cost
Lot's of promotions specially for new buyers.  Save money.
Yes, I would recommend it, because they give me a guarantee and are responsible
la atencioncion maso menos
not applicable
You actually lie buyers with the Trade Assurance and trick them to trust you when in fact you use this tool to squize more money from buyers. There is no protection offered, you only stall customers in spite of the fact that seller don't respect the condition you set forward in your Trade Assurance. You don't care about buyers at all.!!!
I would recomment the trade experience.
hello,i'm fine with your service.
No reason, I like the Trade Assurance feature on Alibaba
I like it because it enhances alibaba purchasing experience ...
alibaba has 0 percent on help to customer
Its fast. People are okey.
i dont know about MArch expo
Trade insurance did not do anything, despite the fact that the product was of bad quality, and machine does not operate, dispute was closed.
OK
good service
No reason at all. Trade Assurance is a good service.
Terrible experience,felt like I got taken advantage of.
x
n/a
Alibaba is a great service and safe
I feel robbed. I made an order, it arrived approximately 40 days late. I sent pictures to Alibaba showing that I received damaged and broken products. I sent pictures and described the issue. The Seller never responded once. I did not receive any money back despite this. I have made orders totaling over $10,000 on Alibaba in just a few months. I have not been abusing disputes. Yet, I get ZERO value from trade assurance. Trade Assurance to me is just a lie. I bought from a trusted supplier and got screwed over by them, then Alibaba didn't have my back. Amazon, eBay, and Newegg would never do this to a customer. Not only did I get messed up products, I wasted a lot of time disputing.. Taking pictures, detailing what happened... You cannot abandon customers, because they will start looking elsewhere.
I don't feel my money will be fully reimbursed in case the supplier does not meet the terms.. I've had some troubles with a supplier, And I truly think would be a waste of time to start a dispute. because trade assurance will not reimburse the money back.. truly disappointed.
I did not attend march Expo.
Its an extra security to ensure you get the product you actually ordered.
The Trade assurance: since more than 4 months i have not received the goods which i paid for with trade assurance and the human behind that process "Patty" i no help at all because since three times she only says i should wait. How long? Another year? I can not recommend that service since she only says i should wait and has no proof for me that the goods even exist and the supplier ignores me since 4 months aswell.
I don't use that offer.
I would because it helps to feel more secure with orders.
I think from a buyers perspective the trading on Alibaba to very reasonable and professional and Super fast shipping times as well. Very friendly service goes a long way.
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Agreement because it ensures that the seller provides a transparent and honest service in order to get a great review from me.
I have not used it at the moment, despite being a buyer for more than 4 years on alibaba. It would be very convenient advice in Spanish
Too much money spent no products yet, its been over 3 months
seller price is expensive
Por la garantía que brinda Alibaba.com para garantizar el cumplimiento de la compra respecto al proveedor. Aunque sería bueno brindar un tutor para los nuevos puedan orientarse.
because trade asuurance assures nothing. i went for a dispute of 2560 usd, seller did nor respond to the dispute for 3 months, alibaba offered refund of 2000 USD i asked for 2200 usd buit suddenly alibaba closed the dispute, for 1280 USD. So after this horrific experience i stopped using alibaba i just use it for browsing products. I lived in china for 7 years and i made some chinese friends duringmy stay. Initially i was planning to buy from alibaba for 7000USD after this experience i contacted my friend there and i directly paid it to him after inspection and everything. All i can say is alibaba lost a loyal customer
N/A
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TRADE ASSURANCE
excellent customer outreach
Each one of the sellers I bought from tried to scam me with products I did not purchase. They show pictures and descriptions of a different product and send me the wrong one. Also the Trade Assurance takes the side of the seller and doesnt look at the simple evidence.
unneeded for my business, though interested a lot of the products do not align with what we sell.
Becase i dont want anyone to go through my horrible expereice i had with your platform!! i am working on tryin to get the refund from my supplier and he refusses. I have also asked him to cancel the payment for samples and send the rest and yet he refuses to! all thieves are sitiing in China!! will never re comment this sit to anyone
N/A
I'm not really looking for but like one thing...so many options and I don't know what half of them are but it's got a lot of products.
I would recommend
We would love to recommend Ali Baba as we dont have to worry about anything, just make the payment and be tension free as we know that the manufacturer can not scam us.
I don't have any reason.
No comment. thanks
It’s very good to have an alternative method of secondary security when you deal overseas, this is a great way to build trust and confidence here .
takes a long time
yes
.
none
I would
Trade assurance does not resolve shipping or product issues. The level of customer service is horrible.
-
Yes, i will recommend trade assurance service. Because it will be safe for transaction.
I AM TI
i would recomend
Easy buying and some vendors ship very quickly.
Thank
na
I don't believe it works
unsure.  just learning to navigate and understand Alibaba
no comment.
It is confusing. I'm still not sure what exactly is does for me.
I never got my order
bad
Counterfeit is sold on Alibaba
I would be interested in free shipping for new buyer and products I a interested in like e scooters
I would recommend
Trade Assurance is the most convenient and safe mode of payment. It has boost confidence in online payment.
Keep on going!
Some Suppliers are ok, but others are crooks.
The overall presentation and quality of the advertised and promoted goods was not that interesting.
Unfortunately I didn't take advantage of these services this time
I do not know about the expo so I cannot say. Although if the boarders were open I would most definitely attend!
We dont receive a PDF invoice when we pay through Alibaba. All businesses in Europe need PDF invoice for every business transaction made which includes Alibaba.
Very good service
TAS is made to protect suppliers and not customers.  From the first moment I felt it was my duty to prove why I was claiming compensation from the supplier and the supplier was not asked for any proof that it was to his advantage. Amazon works because the customer is always right, because Amazon knows perfectly well that without protection for its customers it would go bankrupt.  I am first of all a customer of Alibaba and then a customer of a company on Alibaba's platform.  Alibaba protects its suppliers, even when they are thieves and fraudsters. It should protect customers, always... this is what I will say around Alibaba.  I will never spend my money on Alibaba again.  Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
Safety
No promo for existing buyers like me who is still starting or is small business only.  I hope Alibaba can help seller like myself.
is it amazing
I am new to Alibaba and still learning how things work. I don't completely understand everything.
some providers did not accept trade assurance
Because it does not fully protect the buyer.
The service is recommendable.
I would recommend
I will recommend it in general but the amounts to benefit from the discounts are far too high. I think the amount to be reached should be adapted to the size of the company.
Does not apply
I would recommend Trade Assurance, simply because gives me the confidence to have support on the other end of my (or anybody) business making it a reliable piece of a team work.
great service
The PayLater line of credit was extremely beneficial for handling payments quickly to Factories and improving cashflow while factories were making parts. Everybody wins. The dispute system is often overseen by someone who is not familiar with the process being disputed, my example would be component fabrication or machine fabrication.
high fee.
Have yet to learn and use more to get my business and your services joined to both make money.
i would like to use it and to try
Not Applicable
No product delivered
Trade Assurance can only guaranty something is delivered within certain time, but not in a time frame for overseas buyers to actually received the agreed goods.
Hard to obtain invoices for each order....
It is safe.
everithing is a ok exept the shipping very very expensive!!!
The ordered CityCoco  N. 74983770501025106 Delivery address: Karl Josef Oberl?nder 427 Rue de l'Amarrage 83310 Grimaud France has not arrived!  Please inform me when you reach me. 4rd reminder
ok
The requirements are too high to meet for the promotion(s)/new service(s)
The idea of Trade Assurance Service is very good, but it does not work in practice. Sellers can paste a false shipping number and the system automatically approves the stages of implementation. It does not make sense. In my opinion, this tool does not help much in reducing the risk. Could help more.
Because it is important to cover the purchase safety.
i dont have my articles
It makes the boundaries to China much less and give sense of security in buying overseas.
1.  LONG DISTANCE FROM AMERICA TO CHINA.   2.  ABOUT 1:4 RATIO DISREPUTABLE VENDORS. SOME POOR PACKAGING. 3.  VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE WITH MORE THAN HALF THE VENDORS. 4.  BETTER TO DEVELOP RELATIONSHIPS THAN TO DEPEND ON ALIBABA TRADE ASSURANCE. 5.  NEW BUYER PERKS, BUT NOT FOR STABLE ALIBABA CUSTOMERS.
Because it does not apply to smaller shop customers and I did not get offer to none of the expo when I ordered.
I feel more secure and confident buying with trade assurance.
again because sellers like to change thing when there add states otherwise and it takes a lot longer to find a genuine seller or manufacture
n/a
Free shipping should be for all alibaba users
I feels there's nothing new really, except for calling it March Expo, except alot of publicity or promotion happenning for nothing, too much information about nothing , un clear information, to complicated to understand, confusing. Alot of noise for very little. I Offers , coupons discounts are ridicous and low, really not attractive.
Alibaba was just great, amazing if you will. Bought the product and 6 days later I had my items here in USA.  Tested the product and it just blew my mind how good it was. It is digital servos for rc airplanes. Better than any other high end servos we have here in US. I even compared with some high end brands I have and it was better in every way. Strongly recommend Alibaba.
Because two times that I bought products, the boxes went lost, no one offered me refund, And I lost my money. One time I lost $750 dollars and the second time I lost $300 dollars.
fast dispatch and on time delivery was very helpful
Unless you understand all aspect of the process you better us Trade Assurance, as it says.
It's not explained well enough to recommend it
Please look at my file for the last time i used Trade Assurance.
.
Hard times due to the pandemic.  Our government in Canada is totally incompetent, they are idiots.
All shipping information is invalid - never received my package & seller will not refund me
Don't have one
Easy to access
No
Im not aware of March expo.
The trade assurance is a great tool to enable someone who is not familiar with the platform transactions to purchase directly on the platform for the first time, and feel secure about the order delivery and receipt.
I have had no problems thus far and everything is running smoothly. I am very happy!
no opinion
See (11) below.
I never had any problems with trade assurance so I recommend
I had no information about the promos.  When merchants are using the message service for promotions - important offers from Alibaba get lost in the mix.  Despite all the messages and promos I hear about - I've yet to qualify for any discount or free shipping.  Can you just make the whole ordering process better with a shipping estimate before ordering - even better promote "free shipping", ability to bookmark merchants and products, simplify the whole site - there are far too many menus - make it easier for merchants to list more detail about the product because that is really lacking.  Overall I've found alibaba great and I'm a tiny lone artist buying supplies.  It would be nice to carry over my diamond status on aliexpress to my profile here on alibaba as a serious buyer.
Es una forma fácil de pagar y segura
because i had expirirence with not getting any refund based on a lie from a seller and you totally did not support us as a buyer ! We case continued more than 6 months i was exhausted and will never forget it
.
quick and easy
Did not get any benefit from March Expo
fuck you
N/A
Nothing for small business my size
Trying it
NA
It is such a great buying experience!
i recommend it !
Peace of mind / fighting scammers
I definitely 100% recommend Trade Assurance because it makes me feel better about where I am putting my money. It makes me feel secured, especially as a first-time buyer/new user here.
March Expo promotion includes New Buyer Free shipping, Fast Dispatch Guaranteed, On-Time Delivery Guaranteed
Rest of mind
n/a
Not offered on items Im interested in.
didnt hear about it
n/a
there should be a refund, due to shipping delay by the supplier
I did not order on the March Expo.  I did place two orders on Alibaba and the company I ordered from treated me well.   My order arrived so quick that I was shocked.  I mean quick.   I was afraid to use Alibaba.  However, now I feel safe.  Alibaba requires big orders and sometimes high shipping costs.  I use AliExpress a lot due to my business size.  I want to add that I respect the people of China and I have placed many orders on Aliexpress showing my admiration.  Only suggestion:   Keeping shipping costs options open to the buyer in clear amounts and what selection a buyer would want to make.  Thank you.
Did not experience any offers.
I like trade assurance because I can track the progress of my order.
Will always recommend Trade Assurance.
it is better:D
no
I will recommend and i did recommend trade Assurance service/march expo to person. Alibaba is a very good and useful and helpful and profitable business place for small business like me
The payment methods. I can not pay for my orders with my debit/credit card. I have asked for assistance but the representatives on live chat does not know how to fix the issue. i can only use Western Union or Wire Transfer and that is not acceptable. I would like to be able to process my orders with my debit/credit card without any problems. Or pay with PayPal. The payment options are limited and difficult. I would not recommend this to anyone at all unless they want to go through the trouble of sending payment through Western Union.
safe to trade
Yes, I recommend it since it is a way of giving us protection as clients
Trade assurance is not efective, always are in favor of the seller, never in favor to the customer
I would recommend.
I recommend it because of the On-Time Delivery Guaranteed.
Ok.
give you confidence everything is reliable
Right now, I am very disappointed with Alibaba. I have asked them to intervene when a seller did not ship my goods. They did not get that seller to refund my money. I have receive goods that were of low quality, and now I am still waiting for over 41 days for my goods that should have already been here - Alibaba does not help. Worst they have blocked my ability to pay with my credit card, making it hard for me to do business.  Right now I am just thinking of somewhere else to buy my goods.
N/A
meh
excelent service
It is difficult to understand how it applies to me as a small buyer and when I ask sellers on their promotion, I don't get clear answers.
promociones en juguetes
I lost 1900USD to a Flat Tummy Company and TRADE ASSURANCE is advising me to still make another payments to the same supplier. Tell me how can  you advice that?
This promotion is entirely meaningless if you aren't a first-time buyer. If the purpose is to attract new customers, why are you sending it to existing buyers who can't qualify?
not received, money already paid 100%
no comment
No reason
I did not know anything about March Expo. Trade assurance I could recommend.
yes
STOP ALLOWING THESE VENDRS TO PUT INACCURATE INFO IN DESCRIPTIONS JST TO GET PEOPLE MONEY. THEY LIE ABOUT ORDER PLACEMENT UNTIL TEY GET YOUR ONRY AND THEN TELL THE TRUTH. IM HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED WITHT SOME VENDORS ON THIS SITE.
I would recommend it!
I would recommend to new buyers.
I don't know what March Expo is all about and would like to know a little more about it.
I dont know how to use the promotion
give us confidence our order and assure it will safe our money
I have had a good experience using this site.
moq too high. should advertise both companies willing to have lower moq and better pricing.
Gives a level of safety when dealing with new clients.  A waste of money once the client has been established.
I think the Trade Assurance is an excellent service in that it reassures customer like and many more.
I will be honest. I used Alibaba a decade ago and it was clean and easy to use. It's bloated, complicated, and why do new windows open to do simple things? I suggest some investment in GUI and intuitive user experience.
None for now because i have not really used it as much.
No Spanish-speaking customer service
I feel you are more key to side with seller as I am not a big enough company to worry about.
This is what has been done with me personally
I never use trade Assurance service/March Expo
No comment i only trust Trade assurance service in every transaction
I am unaware of any objections at this time.
o
N/A
The supplier "Guangzhou Yitang International Trade Co., Ltd." They DID NOT properly inform Fedex of our contact details. For this reason the order No. 68863674001025991 returned to China. At this time we DO NOT HAVE our merchandise OR OUR MONEY. We want the supplier to resend this merchandise with ALL the necessary contact details.
Not familiar with it
Je n'était pas au courant de cette Expo.
No
I'd recommend the Alibaba.com platform to everyone who is in trade.
NO COMMENT
/
have ordered a t shirt printer from sweet sweet quick to take money ,when i asked why it hasnt been shipped they said havent got address, i gave it to them still no response from them and still waitng for it to be shipped
No
There are great deals everywhere.
good customer service
I MADE MAY ORDER 3 WEEKS AGO AND THE SELLERS EVEN DOESNT SEND ME THE TRACK NUMBER, I ASKED THEM, NOT, I BEG THEM SEND ME THE SHIP BY UPS, 4 TIMES SAY THEM ONLY UPS AND THEY SEND ME BY FEDEX,  I STILL CANT BELIVE, IT SEEMS THAT I TOLK EITH THE WALL. HORRIBLE SERVICE.
.
no
My account was deactivated
i will always recommend Trade Assurance
exalten
no
Don't know about it
never had to use it
N/A
I do not know what is March Expo, did not get any information
alibaba only protects the supplier.
video showing the expo is great and save us time on physical attending
n/a
i feel confident when buying on the site.
we need more information for Trade Assurance Service/March Expo and its benefit
Dispute resolution method is primitive and mostly in favor of seller.
It is highly recommended. It protects the buyer
I haven't used it yet, I'm going to take some time to check it.
fast shipping
NA
??
The sellers do not want to conduct business on Alibaba.  So if you don't provide a WhatsApp account then you don't hear from them.  So I tried the WhatsApp and got scammed.
You all are great and definitely do an amazing job at pushing new products and catching my eye with what's new.
nA
It is a great opportunity for business
every item i have ordered, i have been satisfied and love everything i have purchased so far.  only thing i dont like is the shipping cost but that is understandable due to coming from oversea's,
Sme clients dont do good work or good custom service.
highly recommended. You need to create a directory of supplies by the company name and telephone numbers
I am very satisfied that the delivery went so quickly and well. Also that the goods are insured and that you can confirm when the goods arrive in perfect condition. Great service! But the shipping costs are way too high. Sometimes you pay almost as much for shipping as for the products. Unfortunately, you then order smaller quantities because shipping and taxes are so high. But I was very satisfied with my cooperation partner.
I would recommend Trade Assurance for secured payments and the March Expo to save more on the products offered.
no experience with March expo
No support at all from ali baba, shipment is 2 months late and ali baba told me they could do nothin about it, I will be buying direct from suppliers, not going o pay fees to ali baba when they dont help
the shipping process lately is taking longer then usual and service by vendor is no great
recomiendo en general, la web, servicio, forma de pago, mecanismo de envio.
.
get discount on shipping,,
i had ordered 40 pieces of items paying 380 usd including express shipping and my orders were stuck at customs. customs asked for another 1000 usd to withdraw the items to my country. it is unbelievable. i wish aliexpress had a team like amazon who can handle the customs easily. i would pay in advance. but now products gone and i can't even ask for a refund. how can you expect me to be happy?
Very good
I recomend March Expo because there are excelent prices.
hi we have a problem - we have 2 alibaba counts we need to merge it we cant this is making us problems
Did not have to go on the march expo
??????
no
None
NA
Because the trade assurance team does not understand English. Without assessing the situation they favour the sellers while the buyers end losing their money. Trade Assurance is a scam to loot money from the buyers.
I love your webpage
please reduce the fees
I can not fly due to the pandemic.
Ok
why just new buyers? don;t you value your existing customers? if you do value them, why not give them the free shipping offer as well?
They are closing an account without reason and there is not possibility to recover your account. If there's a supplier who wanted to deliver goods it's not possible to follow after they close your account. One day you wake up, can't access to your account without knowing the reason. grrrr
exchange rates are high
I have not gotten my order. I ordered this and it has not arrived in tennessee. It must have gotten lost in california. I would like a refund or my eyeshadow pallets sent to me again. I already paid.
Нет автоматического перевода на русский. В данном опроснике я вообще не смог правой кнопкой на мышке найти строкку "перевести", поэтому на вопросы отвечал наугад))
very easy to deal with
Trusted with quality service, quality products and innovative products.
NA
Too much competition
Recomendaría por el envío gratis
Uncleare comunication . sistem exploited by suplier
I appreciate Trade Assurance because it protects my payments
seller always uses a extremely high shipping rate. seller should use the cheapest shipping and give option for higher faster shipping.
once we make payments seller refuse to do modification. shipping cost 3 times higher.so we want our own ff but seller first agreed and now refused to accept our fright forwarder
are not
Haven't looked much into it.
good experience good suppliers
porq ue es seguro las operaciones
I would due to a few seller's but I would not because it is a bit complicated to view due to there is many of the same seller's. Also, they just request to buy but doesn't make buyers like me comfortable to make purchase, the images be little to none.. Their communication is just to purchase but no confidence of quality, they promote free sample and when requested they then say they don't do free samples. The 10 business days of dispute is just outrageously long, I truly feel 3-5 business days would fit best.
I have found some wonderful items online, both for personal and business pleasures.  I would recommend to other businesses.
yes
I honestly don't know enough about it. It doesn't really seem different from before.
great expo!
recomendado
I love this platform and I have already directed allot of businesses to alibaba
The trade assurance did not do anything even when the resons where clearly stated and the seller agreed he made a mistake. We had to end up reaching a compromise with the seller that did not reflect a fair outcome.
I don't know what it is.
Fast and simple
prompt delivery
PEace of mind on order
They did not see the evidence I sent they ask me to send to email but did not open it
good
no. as matter of fact the customer service is great
It shows clarity of orders placed. They are also in one location for referencing and payments.
the only reason i like trade assurance is simply for the added peace of mind it brings to a transaction
in would definitely recommend trade assurance service
None, It is a great program!
Account privacy controls are not good enough
The customer service is bad and they do not listen to the purchaser. They seem to only care about the seller.
Some of the sellers can’t respond well to the buyers
I placed an order over one month ago, and it shipped shortly after. I still have not received my order and have no access to tracking.
Poor communication with english
trade assurance your package guarantee delievered
I probably would just because the very first purchase off Alibaba I ran into a not so honest sales person and that really has ruined the experience with Alibaba. But to be fair, the product was pretty good.   I have yet to make another purchase on Alibaba solely because of that sales person. In fact, I made 12 other purchases since then with Aliexpress
94224919935932  Shenzhen Magelei Electronic And Technology Co., Ltd.  the seller did not have certification to manufacture apple lightning cables and Amazon deleted my listing. I asked at that time if they have certification and they said no and they also did not offer any refund of the deposit for this particular transaction nor they  offered any amicable solution for the problem.   The completed transactions with this company were Order No.93617102735932 and 93426227255932. These were the transactions that Amazon stopped me from selling on Amazon.
I have no issue at all with the trade assurance, because of the trade assurance, I am confident that the money that I am spending to pay for my products is safe and if there is any problem with the transaction I can able to refund my money back. thank you trade assurance
Alibaba offer NO help in the event of an issue, they consistantly side with the seller, every time
Would recommend for piece of mind and not scam. Know you will get the goods/not fake.
I do recommend trade assurance to all my friends/colleagues and paying through Alibaba.It gives a lot of security knowing that i can cancell my order or request a refund if the manufacturer does not comply with the quality or delivery time etc.etc.
It allows a level of comfort in placing orders.
you guarantee my product will work but it dosn,t and no boy to talk to
Trade Assurance is a guarantee that our purchases are covered. I really like this service.
Si lo recomendaría, Cumplimiento de envió y entrega a destino, preocupación de la venta y del seguimiento .
very good
Very well service
Trusted website with good customer service.
Technical assistance is limited.  Example: I have been trying to purchase a bicycle component that  I purchased from Alibaba in 2015. I can no longer find the Alibaba vendor from 2015.  Although I have sent a technical drawing and photographs to various Alibaba vendors I have not been assured that what they offer is an exact match,  I have been compelled to purchase samples from various vendors, and all have arrived different from each other and none is an exact match to the component from 2015.
Recommend to use this service. one never know if business partner is honest. reduces risk of burning money
The site itself is very user friendly, just requires patients. Individual must do their due diligence on researching suppliers for the best pricing and best quality products.
I would not recommend it if it is a trade with a supplier that you trust because of the high comissions
Sometimes the payment does not go through and I have to try another card when I know the balance is there.  I think some banks are not recognizing the foreign transaction from the U.S. Also, sometimes the shipping prices seem high.
Quick, easy and hassle free
Hello   I have still no reply about the delivered machine with the technical problem . I have no idea about the insurance in this case   besides i have confirmed cif price and received cfr term invoice , so i had to pay extra charges about the freight not planed
Trade assurance service is so called, most of alibaba decision is in favour of seller. The buyer don't have protection. I will not buy on aibaba any more.
like it
because china is no longer what just to be today they have no word or respect after u paid tey tell u the problem and after we refund we lose money
no
I would strongly recomment for the ease of using the application and prompt reply from the suppliers.It a great platform!
yes
I have made multiple orders and for the most part I have been satisfied with my orders, customer service, and delivery.
ITS SAFE AND FAST
It has been a good experience and stand by it's guarantee!
The issue with trade assurance is if/when an order is not completed as per the requested specs, the only option is to return the order versus issuing a partial refund or credit to future orders.  This makes the Trade Assurance model very difficult to grasp.
I would not recommend to others cause i want to keep this site only to my self. LOL Its a great site. Shipping price to Norway is to high. I hate my country for the high tax and shipping prices.
the service and people are great to deal with they help you along the way from start to finish and explain everything concisely and clearly and tell you the truth, in my case ordering a very durable case would have increased the cost by almost x2. i appreciate that, it tells me they are watchimg over me , like a guardian angel,  that means alot to me.
I would recommend Trade Assurance because its safe for buyer in other not to get scam and it also safe buyers from bad suppliers that sells fake or product that are not quality enough on Alibaba
I do not believe settlements are fair and favor the seller.
is practical and efficient
there are not bank we can make T/T and trade assurance fee is expensive
i bought a product, the supplier send it to another adress, the product go to another country, i dont have the product and the suplier have my money. alibabab dont respond
Recommend due to payment and transaction protection.
NO TENGO NINGUNA  RAZON PARA  NO RECOMENDAR YA QUE SU ATENCION ES  MAGNIFICA
i havent received goods....suplier said it would take a month ...its been more than a month ...when i asked about my shipment . Suplier was very rude about it ....
i have used trade assurance , and i have been refunded my money when order did not arrive. so assured that using Trade Assurance protects me and my investment
Having buyer security.
have not used it
Prompt service.
I recommend it because my money is safe, it is comforting that the Alibaba team always supports.
constantly scammers do not fulfill orders, it is very difficult to get support from an alibaba
Atención muy personalizada, calidad de producto excelente, rápido envío
Shipment hasn't arrived but it auto updates as order complete. I can't dispute because it is "complete. No information that order is about to auto update.
Trade assurance makes my mind be at ease when transacting with international companies.
After your receive payment, please send full invoice back to customer together with prove of payment so that customs at the receiving country can use to clear the goods. thank you,  Morse
Trade assurance is essential and it is the reason why I prefer dealing with Alibaba in China rather than competitor in India.
I would recommend it just to be safe
yes i would
very Services
Got a big problem with my first transaction here. Supplier sent wrong invoice and wrong amount declared that cause the custom to hold my package and charge me huge amount for penalty. Supplier's fault but I had nothing to do with it. I felt I had been scammed. So disappointing. I expected that Trade Assurance Service will help me but they don't.
It protects me. Definitely would recommend. I got stolen from me by vendor $60.00 cash. No trade assurance. The vendor is a crook and the product he sold me is junk
Trade assurance is useless if seller/Shipping company has no fear of any penalty the are cheating with people i.e. charging more than the commitment when goods handed over to them
The follow-up of all orders through the Alibaba purchase system is very good with always the last updates available.
it looks it is secure and trustful. except one dispute situation
Alibaba automatically confirms the order is complete and products received weeks before I actually receive them and the moment they confirm, the system does not allow for filing of any disputes, which makes Trade Assurance USELESS!
N/A
trade assurance service is to keep our money safety, looking for a real service delivery, dealers and to make a sure contract. that is the better way.
I would recommend Alibaba to all companies. I would not recommend Alibaba to companies that sell the same items that my company sells. Trade Assurance is only one part.
Well I wouldn't want even MORE competition than I am having to discover how to order!
I dont not
i would recommend because its safe
seems a little messy and not easily accessible at is probably the way I am understanding it
Most of the suppliers make every effort to connect with you
I always have to ask for the tracking number i can never find it on the order
its' easy and user friendly.. what could make it better is the companies modeling their own clothes instead of using others pictures that isn't even of the same quality and we'd like see different size people.
Very Delay in despatch,Person incharge not resonding may be Because of Chinese New Year Holidays
Alibaba does nothing to protect the buyer. We are at the mercy of the seller.
make a dispute for poor quality products and did not get their support, they only limit themselves to reading mails and in no way protect customers.
Pretty easy to use and very helpful
Messaging back and forth too slow
n/a
count the tax on country shipping
good
it'a great, gives me a sense of security.
' '
I would recommend Trade Assurance as this gives you more confidence when placing your order and during the waiting process. Being thus great security of the quality and quantity or if not of the return or solution of the same.
I think it is safe
It really helped me feel assured I would get my order in a timely matter and not be at a loss.
Disputes don't care the customer, always in the seller side. Expensive fee for payments. Shipping method are not clear
very easy
Alibaba gives a good variety of company’s and it gives a good insight in the company.
It is a safety mechanism protecting buyers like myself
Alibaba is great, there are some points for more improvement: 1. Sellers right order with items not available on their Alibaba store, this is confusing, I wish that the real items names color and pictures are shown instead. 2. Items are sent to forwarder in China, so assurance will count days according to my forwarder reception and not the actual reception by me, so I will get the box after around 40 days by that its too late to ask for a refund, this thing is crucial, Im not having assurance and I depend on seller honesty, but it makes me worried, I know have a parcel of $400 that didn't arrive after 46 days and I can do nothing about it.
easy process
I find the price I have to pay to use the Trade Assurance is just too high.  The supplier's always work with us to come to a compromise should there be an issue.  PLUS, you close the case before I even receive the shipment.
good
I have an order that has not arrived. I have opened a dispute and they have not returned my money
Can someone please contact me in regards to my account, this is all wrong as my account privileges were taken away due to a dispute that was processed wrongfully. Please allow me to check out with debit/credit card again my contact info is 2602552736 or better reached by email lolabunnii.love@gmail.com
I would recommend it because it offers buyer confidence.
Friendly and effective
Can't change rating after 30 days it gives the scammers time to rip you off!!!!!!
THERE IS NO WAY I WOULD CONDUCT BUSINESS ON THIS PLATFORM WITHOUT HAVING TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICES. IT GIVES ME GREAT SATISFACTION TO KNOW THAT I AM PROTECTIVE IN MY TRANSACTION WHEN I USE THIS FEATURE.
I think its great to have Trade Assurance for customer feed back.
very good.
Easy to use
n/a
I usually could pay easily with my credit card, and was abruptly removed with out warning or notice.  Everything moving forward is a hassle.
I would recommend it because it sounds like a safe way to do business with new companies. It makes you feel safe about putting forth a payment to an unknown entity.
Albaba has been very responsive to my request even when the problem has been my error.
I would recommend trade assurance because of the cross section of suppliers and the assurance of transaction follow through.
n/a
ok
you don't protect buyers very well.
You entire site is complicated
recommend Trade Assurance Service for security protection
safe and easy tansactions
I had to try so many times to do payment because page was declining it
I have not had to use the Trade Assurance Service for refund but it is good to know if something is not as promised then it can be as a guarantee the service and goods will be met.
Some suppliers sending fake goods
Also there are no invoices for purchases
It's better way for keep up your money protected
all order paid via ali baba and correct material and shipping
It is simple to follow and gives you piece of mind and confidence to know that the customers or buyers are protected, it also help you to take that second step with confidence , because I know for a fact I needed help in that department I am not there yet but but I know I can reach out for help Thanks
Just for a guarantee
I will not recommend Alibaba at all period. For the lack of experience I have using this service, the service that I have received so far has not been worth my time and is really irritating. All I want is a refund for an order that has not been fulfilled!
I?d would love to have my parcels in a shorter time to Mexico
Pretty easy service, to pay at your convenience and the order is just ready
Added Credit Card payment Charge. Should be charged to supplier.
I feel confident that the goods will be sent and suppliers are trustworthy.
excellent
I would recommend this vendor
the seller has the upperhand  never will i order again
be safe on transactions
I recommend it because the buyer have the cover in case of dispute or something wrong with the supplier.
I WOULD RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE IT GIVES SAFTY AND CONFIDENCE WHEN PURCHASING GOODS
hidden cost. Don't like receiving a price and then get a service charge type of fee at the checkout
Because my order was marked as delivered when it was not.
I would recommend certain suppliers whom I have used that are have given my great services
Orders are protected from fraud & undue loss due to misrepresentation
safe business and financial transitions
I think its an easy and safe option
I would higly recommend trade assureance service, because the seller knows, that if he does not akt like a trustful business partner,  I can claim for a refund. Therefore the seller is interested in making trustfull business - mostly.
I had a direct experience of refund issue and the process was convenient and fast.
It's good so far. I will see how the outcome of my dispute goes.
Your judgments are not fair. Every time you side with the seller even when they have shipped 100% defective products
I would like to recommend Trade Assurance Service because the first time I ordered runs smoothly. Seller is very helpful and accomodating
everything was perfect
It helps customers to be safe when purchasing.
I WILL ALWAYS RECOMMEND TRADE ASSURANCE FOR SATY REASONS
Trade Assurance looks after your order. From start to finish to make sure you get your product.
It does not work..  For example, I placed an order and received a different product that I expected.  Neither the dispute process or trade assurence worked for me.
there was holiday and I do excuse the seller but I do ask to get things fixed please in my order
Shipping takes too long
save money
Great service, we can be confident that Alibaba will help in case something goes wrong with the supplier
I would recommend Trade Services to anyone wanting to start a business. You can find goods, and assets of all sorts for any business venture. The only improvement I see needing to be made would be better translations, and picture details of product descriptions, and documentation of the goods being sold. However I have had great customer service, and will continue to use Alibaba, and trade services for my business needs. Thank you Trade Services and Alibaba  Jason Warsalla
I would recommend Trade Services to anyone wanting to start a business. You can find goods, and assets of all sorts for any business venture. The only improvement I see needing to be made would be better translations, and picture details of product descriptions, and documentation of the goods being sold. However I have had great customer service, and will continue to use Alibaba, and trade services for my business needs. Thank you Trade Services and Alibaba  Jason Warsalla
Because it took a long time and Alibaba basically said I have to talk to the company myself or they won't be able to get me back anything. Even though the item was certainly not what was stated.
I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT - I HAVE NEVER HAD TO USE IT
Fantastic value for money, smooth transactions.
I have the feeling it is safe and secured so I am not afraid to make upfront payment. This make my buying decision much easier.
it is very reliable and of great interest to the company to have answers from its suppliers, also the method of working to respond for anything that happens to the end customer, very concerned that the latter receives and is satisfied by the products, that makes the difference of the business, that the end customer of the approval through the reception of products ,,, very satisfied
Is safe and guaranteed you will get your order
n/A
The proccess requires a lot of time and dispute is so slow as information is shuffled back and forth and sometimes taking days to move forward
Rather user-friendly. English translation is good.
very easy and securised
A salesperson sent me a defective item. During the negotiations, he confirmed the marriage and said that he would later send a replacement. Some time has passed, the seller says that the manager has changed, and he does not know anything about past events, and refuses to return the money or send another product. I can't leave a review, because the previous deal is closed. There is no one to complain to.
i would because they have a very large collection of items. i wouldn because the post price is very high for a sample on most of the items ( its alot more than the price of the item)
for all of the above unless alibaba improve itself.
when I had any issues, they always answered very quickly and helped me to resolve the problem
The dispute never be valid at the end.
I feel some of the companies used shipping and my inexperience to over charge me.
I have
I could not, not recommend the Trade Assurance Service, because it is a good guarantee for the buyer
it is easy to use
They give you zero time or messages to resolve disputes. The whole website and process is messy and difficult to use. Highly would not recommend
Great way to get i contact with companies from China
For the moment I can recommend it
It has been very difficult to get straight forward pricing.  then when I ask to order through Trade Assurance no sellers want to do that.  That ALL want wechat and to send a "new" price list which is usually close to retail prices stateside
It's been great doing business with Tafe Assurance Service
security
I would recommend it because it is a platform that helps finding everything you need very fast and efficiently
easy to use, most vendors are very helpful and products are amazing
keep it on
sellers are trying to deceive or dishonest customers .
I had a valid dispute with a supplier who lied about everything to make a sale. When I disputed this Alibaba was more concerned about looking after the supplier than dealing with my dispute. And of course, you favoured the supplier over me. As a result I have learnt never to buy electronic products from Alibaba.
For ground shipping, the shipping times take a lot longer than expected on Trade Assurance so I had to keep extending the time.
I will have some recourse if the product is not according to the order specifications and the supplier and I cannot agree on how to resolve the matter
I Recommend the trade assurance because its give you safety
trust
I would recommend bc I feel security using it.
Alibaba is amazing, i love it, i always buy my products from here and i never been having any kind the problem
Straight to the point ordering process. Way easier than dealing with people in the US.
As per my experience
No issues so far
superficially reasons for dispute whit product problem,unsuccessful
Was very happy with the bibs that I ordered for samples, and they have lived up to the expectations. The lady was very efficient when I was discussing with her for the sample and shipping.
trade assurance service is using your card because the payment drop instantly unlike t/t that you need to send evidence of payment to alibaba before the can release money
Would recommend due to chat feature and quick replies from companies however it would be great to have more countries who manufacture certain goods to be included in searches as some factories shut down during certain holidays and holds production.
Would guarantee because it gives me security and peace of mind
Good to know that there is a Trade Assurance Service, but so far I didn't use it so not fully understand how it works
a long time to solve your case, despite demonstrating the poor quality of some products, they ignore you.
Safe and FAst
As I described above
Sending pictures in private messages are very glitchy. sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. sometimes it shows a X on the picture.  Still some hidden chinese language even though i chose english font.  A lot of stuff loads very slowly.
Easy communication and you can trust
No.
The blades I purchased are very good and necesary for my work
I think it is a good design.  I think that buyer from the US are used to no transaction fee, so we are surprised when we see that.
At this point, I have no product, no refund and I am not certain I can trust ordering again.  I understand mistake happen.     I also understand that doing the right thing is more important than money.
It is secure
trusted & effective payment/refund  services
it is good
The main issue I have had is that two sellers have loaded incorrect freight details.  Both relate to other customers of the seller and deliveries that were completed some time ago.  This means Alibaba system automatically moves the item from to be receipted to completed and I have no recourse.  My goods are still yet to be delivered, yet the Alibaba system automatically releases payment to supplier.  In both cases I had paid 100% at time of order placement.  In both cases I had the correct freight number from raising issue with seller and was aware my goods were in theory in transit but I then had no recourse unless i wanted to start a process to apply for refund under dispute. I have a suspicion sellers use this system flaw to gain early access to monies once the goods leave its factories.
why would I not reccomend?
The added support of an instant mediator to ensure a smooth business transaction takes place is invaluable to have as small business.
Without trade assurance i would not buy anything through alibaba, there are too many scammers out there..
first time user great experience
I am recommending your serivices to all my knowned trade people.
The orders were released without noticing me in Advance. I have not received  items yet and most of orders just automatically released without warning me, sending me an email about it. I have not received any notice before they are released    I thought that orders would only be released after I receive the item, where was the notice how long it would be released when I read the order? It must be hidden some where, Please make it clear the line when the the order will be released in each order
Expensive
provides a level of safety and allows peace of mind especially when hearing about scams
Sellers on Alibaba are not reliable, products quality, description and sizes are incorrect which in turns is making Alibaba as an unreliable platform.  After the hassle described above, sellers expect you to return a merchandise and spend additional funds prior to them issuing you a refund which is not fair because you the buyer end up losing additional shipping cost and end up with no items.   Alibaba need to change this and make sure sellers on their platform are reliable, trustworthy and highly ethical.
They care about the seller, not the buyer and dont give the money back
yes, in an order i lost mi machines and the supplier can do nothing to return the machines or the money to me.
Its great but misleading when it comes to qty. required.
Great service and excellent deals for consumers.
Makes deals flow easier knowing that alibaba is backing up the trade
N/A
Easy to use
I have not yet used this service so I do not know if the process works or not
trade insurance is the best part of Alibaba it is the only way I came back and take a chance  to work with alibaba because I know if something goes wrong they will give me back my money
I don't know the distinction between vendor responsiveness and/or alibaba Trade Assurance, meaning where one aspect or responsibility ends and the other begins.  I have very little experience at this time.
difficult to know the characteristics of the ordered product. Product photo different from the product received.
i would recommend because i have used it before . Its great
n/a
Overall I was satisfied very the communications, Payment and arrival of the samples.
Shipping costs too high.
I asked the supplier to provide me with instructions in my native language (English) so I could try these sample kits before placing an order for my store. She told me that they have instructions in English but then would not send them to me. She won't answer my messages anymore.
N/A
100% recommended for guarantee of payment against delivery in accordance with purchases
n/a
Good work! I wish you all success!
i like the fact that you will sort my order if it is not delivered or has problems
Trade assurance ends before I even get the product in hand.  You need to extend the amount of time a buyer has to dispute any issues.  Based on receiving time and not by shipping time.
because my items I usually are not damageable.
I have been working with Mitty on insulated mugs I purchased in November. The mugs have never been shipped. I paid in full and never got the merchandise, According to FedEx, the labels were printed but the boxes never moved and were never shipped. I need someone to call me to solve this problem.
When you have a dispute, all you get is a discount off your next order. You dont get a discount off your current order, you cant afford to send the stock back, in the end, its just a loss.
I WILL RECOMMEND
Not so useful during argue settlement. So why do i need it?
I like it
I Love it
very easy to use and very sufficient
no assurance of payment costs
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is reliable and convenient. Thank yo
It does nothing for the buyer.  Its completely illogical requiring shipment of the parts to a 3rd party that costs more than the actual part itself.  The videos we took were unable to be uploaded, and we coud only upload pictures, which clearly showed the defective part which you clearly did nothing with.  Crooked sellers sell here, you do NOTHING to protect out of country buyers, completely a scam service.
i recommend it as it provide security to me as purchaser
i would recommend it because it give you the opportunity to track and manage the quality of your product!
order tracking and BL not sent
N/A
It's not I wouldn't recommend it its that's I'm approved for a line of credit for Pay Later but cannot access is.
purchased 4 months ago, still waiting for merchandise
Simply put: peace of mind
I tried top pay wqitgh 3 different cards and they got declined directly from alibaba, i had already bought the same product minutes ago
haven't used it
Gives confidence and greater security to both the buyer and the seller
Cost effective and timely delivery.
I would recommend
they met the indicated deadlines good product thanks
Trade Assurance is very reliable
i lost my money to a trader and was not supported to get my money back in 2019
Able to buy with confidence that I have an advocate if there is an issue
i would recommend it because its safe, it makes the suppliers to compete against each other so you will find great products at great prices
I'm dealing with people I don;t really know. While I can assume most are truthful and legitimate, I can also assume there will be those who are not. Trade Assurance Services gives me some level of confidence things will be handled in the case of any bad vendors.
none
Please see above....I would love this to be resolved so I am guaranteed to get the product under my assurance. It is a farily large purchase. My email is btopolinsky@gmail.com or brian@metalroofsniagara.ca
Money sent was lost, evidence sent to unresolved dispute system.
n/a
like this service
Does not seem to protect the buyer very well.
I will recommend very much to Alibaba services because I had a very good experience with the vendors, they are very kind and helpful, all the delivery came on time and good condition. Thank very much and I am very happy to do business with you. Thank you.
It gives trust that the order will surely arrive and makes the payment feeling more safe.
The shipping cost seems to always rise from the time the quote was given to the time production is finished and ready to ship. I often feel as if the suppliers are finding ways to raise prices.
I don't know how to recommend any point, I only know that every things which is I worked with alibaba is very good all services
Alibaba needs to leave longer delay to both, be able to dispute, and to leave feedback to seller. Often shipment takes more than a month now to reach America from China. Amazon buyers can leave us feedback after more than a year! Too, an actual forwarder supplier have put a tracking number from a previous order so it is marked as delivered which isn't true. Maybe he didn't have it in hand at the moment so he put anything but still, this should be easily removed upon buyer's request.
very good service and very fast
I recommend the Trade Assurance Service because in addition to a guarantee for the buyer, I think it keeps away the malicious sellers.
no
racial
The sales manager of CYCLEN who responded by chat was very good.
Because I am also a supplier. I prefer that my clients get their items thru me.
I recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is business security.
safety and efficiency
Suppliers show better images than the real product, but do not then agree to their lower quality. 50% of Suppliers are not genuine. Pricing is very hidden and ingenuine and there is no resolution process. Suppliers stop picking phone once payment done or goods shipped, they dont care after payment
Very bad customer service
Of course I would recommend it.  Not all sellers are bad in shipping the orders.  Only few sellers are delaying the shipment.
friendly and fast service. Ive had two very quick and positive transactions and will continue business.
I don?t have reason
I would always recommend
order process is complicated
Por la seguridad de la compra
NIL
I have had an excelent supplier and everytthing is ok
The total purchase costs as well as the shipping costs are not explained by the supplier, and the product does not come with the brand or seal that appears in the catalog.
Seems you pay for nothing.
I believe it is a great assurance for foreign buyers
yall helped a seller scam me
xxcdi
i have no idea about this
Trade Assurance is fine. I lost a large deposit because the supplier did not fully explain his shipment process.
N/A
I did not say I won't
Very convenient
Products delivered 3000 km away from my address. WHY and for WHO? Another time they delivered in CURITIBA wheres is not RIO DE JANEIRO. IS NOT THAT SIMPLE?
I would recommend it. The problem is that I do not know if it works, since I have never used it
nA
really was helpful...made me feel safe
Trade Assurance is good.
I have had the best customer service and reassurance through this.
i had been a good experience, so fast and easy to apply.
My order was marked as complete simply because of the length of time since I placed the order even though it recognized that UPS was not in possession of the order let alone that the order is not delivered.
It depends on the order size and value, also who the supplier is.
Every vendor has been a pleasure to work with except one.
It gives both the supplier and buyer confidence
good
the suppliers are rude
Trade Assurance offers peace of mind
Would like to be able to access via API (webservice)
It?s very unclear. When contact customer service, they say that I have to contact the seller, and then the seller says that he doesn?t understand or don?t have that tool.
Gives the assuarance of safe trading.
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service, as the service is very good.
Because it is clear TRADE ASSURANCE IS A BIG SCAM`they onylk protect Chinese's Gold supplier, never they ll give any refund to hurted buyer....It's totally disonnest & it 0s a big scam last time I  pay for tarde assuarnce and as I'm webmaster I will spread all over internet many reviews writting everywhere I can "ALIBABA TRADE ASSURANCE ARE SCAMMERS SAME AS SELLERS"
All prices on Alibaba are higher than other sites (eg Aliexpress) and transport charges are ridiculously high.
I clearly showed how and where supplier was wrong and overcharged me for the product (weights ! Yet customer service was over and over asking same questions. I had the feeling that customer service was unreasonably more on the supplier side.
it is safe
I would recommend. Just not a 10 because when you send someone a quote for something it needs to be simplified. Maybe some businesses need more technical information but many need just a simple form to fill out.  Do that and I would give you a 10
I will reommend
Shipping is too expensive!
Nothing, its perfect
Not reliable. I had a vendor ship late and ship only partial order, but "dispute timeframe" already closed by the time I had physically received the goods and could check.
I had a very seemless and smooth ordering process.  From the time I made initial contact with the supplier to the time I received the product.  The supplier kept in touch with me and Alibaba followed up to ensure that I received the product as agreed.  I am very pleased.
i do recommend alibaba because is easy to order and fast delivery and vendor are very friendly
Seller did not have any commitment towards me. Alibaba customer service did not support/ wasnt any better. Seller simply sent me a text message, blocked & bend all communication from me contact them. Seller simply told me that I would receive my product 23 in days but 10 days had already past. I asked for a full refund Alibaba never supported refund, my money is still in the sellers possession its been over a month and i am still waiting for the chargers/ product.
excellent friendly service. I love doing business with them.
I recommend it.  I have been protected well enough.
Quality of goods/orders questionalbe and extremely difficult to verify with with just using pictures/videos before ordering. A large percentage of my orders on Alibaba have been faulty and could not determine this before too late. Return/refund claims process treats you as though you are in a court proceeding painstakingly unecessary after showing evidence. One must be extremely careful with many manufacturers for my needs . I very likely just lost $400 usd for an order with an Alibaba vendor that supplied faulty goods because I'm not willing to dance through the Alibaba evidence process excessively after showing initial obvious evidence - obvioulsly seller supporing not buyer.
feels safe
The benefits of Trade Assurance Services that provides protection for both customer and supplier. It gave me more confidence in ordering from across the world from a company I have no knowledge of.
les assurance son la pour couvrire nos achat et quant il y a un veudeur qui ven des item avec de fausse information bien on doit se disputer pour recupere nos somme dus
I have not used it
Trade Assurance gives one the confidence to purchase a product through Alibaba.com platform knowing fully well that the money for the transaction is guaranteed either in a case of default to get the goods delivered or terms of the actual quality of the goods.
my oder is over 6 months overdue
Trade assurance allows me to purchase with confidence from people I have never met.  Otherwise I would be too worried about fraud.
App and website does not allow you to place an order sometimes!!!!
Would because very easy to place orders and communicate about them with suppliers in messaging.
I feel safer this way to make purchases as it is at least being monitored and verified
No reaction of dispute team
Dispute process and outcome was not compensatory to damages.  Cannot go back and add other damages after customer had problems not yet realized.
When searching for a specific piece of technology with which to develop a product I found that I could source the technology with confidence because the system allowed me to pose a certain question to all suppliers. Those that responded and then moved to skype to hammer out the deal were a joy to deal with and the most helpful sales people I have ever dealt with. The trade assurance system acted as a funnel to put the right sales people with the right product developer. I have nothing but praise for not only the system but the sales people that actually make it work.
tracking does not work very well. very complicated...
Trade Assurance is worthless.  We ordered a product with 3 year Warranty which the supplier will not honor and Trade Assurance provide no support.  I would of been better paying them through Paypal.
great way to do business,,,guarantee transaction,,,money 100% safe
fast shipping and reasonable price
It works in your favor
Most of the times, everything seems to work realy well.
If I have a direct order, probably I know more about Trade Assurence Service.
it is too confused, I need to return my goods because I got them damaged and there is nothing specified on how to get a shipping label and I tried customer service and They weren't able to help me either
i recommend trade assurance service
I would reccomend.
You have a good system in place. I am sure there is room for improvement, but for now the systems seems to be working pretty good. I am satisfied with your service.
Google translation doesn't work!
I haven't had a dispute or problem thus far
Description are not there we always need to communicate with sellers and when we do they give us specification on other merchandise than the one we are looking at first and that become confusing, They also always try to bring you to make business outside of the trade assurance service by communicate with whatsapp for exemple
best seller, fast delivery, more atention for costomer. i start wark with thise company
I think it is such a good service, but you could improve more.
Product value and quality
It is a useless service that's never protect customers. I had few problems with past orders and never had a good resolution. After this last order I have to receive I will never apply for any order anymore and make very bad publicity to this website that don't preserve customers integrity from fraud.
Easy to find and contact product vendors.
Transaction security
not
Everything is covered
thank you
-
N/A
Still new buyer, need to experience further to rate it.
no all good
.
very friendly vendors and extremely helpful and thoughtful. fast service and they were all very patient with me as i new to Alibaba.
i would and have recommended buying from Alibaba actually very pleased with my product will be buying a lot from them  great prices and friendly people
Sometimes not clear where to look for tracking , but im also new to the website .
Trade Assurance takes the risk out of ordering from overseas, and gives me buying confidence.
I don't see really any support from Alibaba as Assurance Service
Easy. Seemless.
The safety aspect of dealing with companies that you don't know, allow the trade assurance service to protect you.
Trade Assurance Service Is Safe trading
Pretty suitable and trust system to customers.
Everything was super simple to navigate
don't have any complaints
first i was very reluctant to order online, but Alibaba's trade assurance service deserves  Appreciation  thank you for the best service , keep up the good job
None. though I wish all sales would accept Paypal as well
I would recommend because it provides security for the bussines
Language barrier
I recommend because is an assurance for your money in far away markets.
Because I was waiting for the order and all of a sudden I get an email saying Order Closed!  I paid and did not receive the item.  This is all a scam.
GUARANTEED DELIVERY OF GOODS AND SERVICES
when customers purchase damaged products, they are hastled to get a refund.  customers have to wait for someone to decide if they DESERVE a refund.  this is not right and it is bad relationship with the UNITED STATES.  I will not refer anyone to Alibaba.  If customers purchase products from Alibaba, the customer have the right to a refund .  This is bad business and bad customer service
I don't know what it is, but it certainly doesn't help when one has been stolen from
super
I strongly recommend because I feel safe , at least someone following up ,controlling , monitoring all process specially when you deal with many companies and you need to send money to people you never met and you don't know so you need someone trustful and in this case only Trade Assurance service ,which is fair for everyone ,,,good job.
safe way to do business
The seller will find ways to modify the original order and the buyer is out of luck.  Example; after the order was paid in full, the seller declares that was only the deposit payment.  How is the buyer protected or assured of anything?  The buyer is unprotected from sellers who deceive or fail to affix the proper paperwork for customs in each country.
The entire process was smooth, and the one order I made a mistake on, was refund without any problems. It all works so far!
I have made several purchases and I have received them in the proposed times and in good condition
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it gives the buyer a sense of confidence knowing their purchase has a guarantee of product being shipped and buyer accepting the product before the vendor is paid in full.
its fast and reliable
Because it really means nothing.   I have been ripped off many, many times, with poor qulaity products not as described, or just straight out dodgy products, and never have had a positive resolution. The lying sellers are free to continue to scam other buyers.
Have not use yet.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service to everyone who wants to have peace of mine when doing international orders!
yes
This service brings me complete security through all the process.
Great
Works great - seller and buyer protections
I would recommend it as it gives us peace of mind in the shipping process.
Systematic, disciplined and trustworthy. Alibaba customer support is always highly cooperative and customer friendly.
por que una vez ponga la fecha no me permite cambiarla
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service.
Shipping is the most confusing and stressful part of this business, and Trade Assurance simplifies it.
Trade Assurance Service is the best thing we can all get here ( We, I mean customers from Europe). It helps us a lot.
Professional and efficient. Thank you
I never had a problem with my orders so I don't really know if the service is working properly when you really need it.
I recommend Trade Assurance Service because the process was easy, quick, and the product was of great quality.
ok my friend
I am satisfied. The only thing that the freight is to high. more that the value of the products. This will make me evaluate if I will continue using Alibaba
i had a problem with an order but the time to place a dispute was too short
I WAS A GOOD ALIBABA CUSTOMER BUT I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING ON THIS PLATFORM AGAIN. I was scammed by a seller that shipped me garbage products after promising my the highest quality and got away with it. I lost time and money for my business buying items I can get on other sites for the same price without risking my money, time and the inconvenience if this site.
Para presentar es un reclamo muy complicado. Envié reclamo por correo pero no respondieron. Reclamo porque me llegaron 15 mascarillas de las 25 pedidas con N° 61530798001025493
A very important issue is that, sometimes, you close the order protection before the product arrives. And then the buyer has no more protection and has to depend on the product finally arriving. If the product does not arrive, the buyer no longer has the opportunity to claim their money.
I didn't choose that.  I would recommend it.
The app and website are not designed well. The way prices are presented are confusing. No easy way to find real producers. There is always problem with sellers when it comes to shipping and customs clearance. In many cases shipment arrives to EU without clear documents for customs clearance
Well. the buyers are well assured that they are dealing with a legitimate supplier.
its easy, its quick, and its reliable.
Great.  Easy.  Ordering can be unclear.  Communication with partners can be difficult.  Shipping options could be clearer.
I m recommend becouse is more real and I feel protect
ok
lo recomiendo definitivamente, no he tenido que ocuparlo, sin embargo me siento seguro al comprar
quick and convienient
Trade Assurance definitely helps, it gives me that extra confidence in purchasing products from certified suppliers
Not enough experience
Alibaba is the best!
Only if you are completely sure that not need to change anything  about the order is ok,  we are still waiting for a refund and there is very difficult to communicate with a Chatboot there is nobody behind it, Thanks
one issue payment process taking so long and  exchange rate are not good its big difference in big amount.
it is very safe and fast and easy to operate
Other than payment transaction deduction during refund. i'm good with the Trade Assurance Service.
3rd party security to ensure order fulfillment is a must when negotiating with chinese companies from far away distances like Europe
I recommend Trade Assurance Service to protect the buyer against the scammer if goods not coming buyer can have refund. Another way that I would not recommend Trade Assurance Service is the goods quality. Goods is coming but the quality is bad or it is a fake goods.
Easy to use and helpful
no es confiable en ocasiones funciona muy bien y dias después falla constantemente
I have not reason
The trade Assurance defines clearly the terms between the seller and the buyer and removes any confusion which might occur down the road.
I received the wrong product and still have yet to get a refund
I ordered trigger sprays, it was suppose to be here in 25 days, it is past 25 days. The tracking info is confusing. I tried multiple numbers that do not seem to work. I messaged the sellers but they did not respond to me.
no
I would recomend because it's a good service for the buyer and supplier.
The process from start to finish is taken care of for me. I like that. I don't like the fact that I things take so long and are so expensive to ship (not your problem, mine).
Pretty good quality products, the seller is very warmhearted and tried to satify all my needs. Products also have very cheap price.
n/a
I had an issue where I purchased a product. The user then said he did not have the product and to cancel. The only way to cancel was to dispute the trade. It took three days for the user to refund the money. Then it took another few days to get the money. Then I didn't get all the money back because there was an exchange fee so I lost $35 on the transaction.
Rapida respuesta de los vendedores, aclaran las dudas y ayudan a generar la orden de compras. Hay claridad de los productos que son de marcas originales, porque está informado en la página en la cual promocionan el producto. La calidad de los productos y las opciones de despacho que tienen son rápidas, al menos para mi país Chile. Sin lugar a dudas, volveré a comprar.
Does not apply
No way to contact other than your pre made forms
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as it provides an additional level of security on transactions beyond our own due diligence.
it takes a while to ship
I did not receive my package or any updates
I have not received my order yet, I cannot specify
Creates competition for my business haha
very bad experience  we have all the right and the customer service helped the supplier to survive his cheating and manipulation. the evidence was was clear and she kept saying the same thing for the favor of the supplier.
Reliable and easy
i would recommend this especially for companies just setting up suppliers to get the added assurance that the product will be good.  i have dealt successfully with many companies in China and have only had 2 issues outside the Alibaba system.  Both issues could have been resolved better.
Tends in favor of the seller
I love the security it provides when placing orders.
All good
i would recommend since it makes buyers feel more comfortable purchasing from sellers
I like trade assurance for safety of my funds and making sure the product is of good quality. Shipping is VERY slow by sea. Over 60 days is too long to wait for a product you paid 100% of the money.
It is so much easier to follow an order from start to delivery by using the Trade Assurance Service. It also makes it easy trouble-free when placing large orders. I only use trade Assurance Service to place all my orders. It gives me confidence that my order will be hassle-free.
I am happy to recommend alibaba because so far, suppliers are sending me quality products. I just have 2 concerns -- 1. hard to filter the items I am looking for; 2. Having the need to pay first the items on my cart prior confirming that items are available. Is there are way to draft the orders that the suppliers can see?
System automatically updates an order as received even though it's not
Good service. The product is delivered. We will continue to cooperate.
So far, all went well !
Easy transaction and merchants answers fast.
I would recommend
Very easy to order, pay and receive the order.
Why not recommend the service, I believe that.
High fees no invoice for Alibaba fee
user friendly
It seems trade assurance is simply a scam, we submitted info but the factory in China got away with our money and we were forced to sue alibaba.  We won large settlement, but we will
I recommend it because it is a very safe way to conduct business
I have seeing it work and I was protected by trade assurance
No major issues.
its too commplicated and you force to paid even not in stock
answer
I haven?t have a lot of experience, but at this time I am happy
It's efficient and safe.
I am not going to give out my great source for product to my competition.
The Trade Assurance is very easy and convenient! I will recommend to others.
i would but im upset
very fast
I would recommend, because it's extra insurance for buyers.
It's an assourance when you need to make the first operation with a new provider
It's a reliable and fast service.
Great service at all.
Yes, sure I would recommend it because it works. I had some previous exprience where I have seen such a release on those cases. Plus, they work as peace mediator between supplier and buyers. fully recommended.
Would recommend for sense of security
Alibaba is great!!
I own and operate my small business and having the Trade Assurance Service makes me feel confident when ordering items. Its nice to know that if for some reason their is an issue with the quality or issue beyond my control , I have the option of having a replacement sent out or my money refunded
Doing business in China is challenging Trade Assurance gives you a little comfort
Great experience, easy - just perfect.
Recommend: 1. Peace of mind, 2. Ease of use  Not Recommend: 1. Too costly.
If I would recommend them for the good attention offered by Miss Constance qiu
I currently do recommend Alibaba to those who might benefit but in the niche products I'm interested in, it seems quite saturated therefore, don't always recommend Alibaba for fear of too many duplicate products being seen, presented and sold.
I think having a third party as a market maker is key for a smooth transaction, where the parties behave objectively and professional. Trade Assurance Service provides that aspect to the transaction.
No reason...satisfied
I think trade assurance works well, but I haven't had to test it yet...
Trade assurance is the most thing I love in Alibaba
I have not received my order
I honestly ddont even know what you are.  I would rec ali baba.
I like trade assurance service and Alibaba Order confirmation. It is very important, but not all supplier does it, they want WU or Bitcoins ???? How it is possibile ???  If you want I can send some screenshoots, 100 usd a MSI laptop or buy two get two free, shipping free from china to Europe with 100 USD ? what we are talking here ? Trade assurance is very acceptabile and the best for me.
not much
Trade Assurance Service is very good till the order is delivered to us. paid money is safe with alibaba.
je recommande Alibaba car jusqu'a ce jour vous avez ete efficace et rapide avec toutes mes commandes
Because the fees are to high. For example my bank has conversion fees and beside this there is also Alibaba percent  fee.
They should charge a little less in the tax for the trade assurance, this makes customers a bit discouraged.
no, i haventused it
Cost of fee is expensive.
no
I would  but wish it was easier to use. I don't find the site very easy to use.
NA
As a buyer, it's been quite straightforward. I think it could be made clearer however, what sort of cover we have in case a buyer does not ship items.
Its a Joke
I do not have a reason but I would recommend someone to Trade Assurance Services.
I recommend Alibaba for its stability.
Because the only time I needed the Trade Assurance, it let me down. The seller is a bad trader and tricked me. Not only did they send the wrong goods, not matching the description, they also agreed to make a refund and didn't do it.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service clear up your dispute  progress concerning  your operator because she  was rude and vulgar.
SECURE TRADING
Trade assurance is the key factor of trade at Ali Baba, keeping and securing all the business transitions.
very convenient service
Order was placed late October. Expected delivery end of November in preparation for Christmas and Valelntines sales. Trade Assurance was 30 days. Half the goods arrived late December which was more than 30 days. Xmas sale was missed. By Jan, goods were destroyed by customs as supplier did not provide manufacturers declaration in time. Valentines sales missed. And supplier has not responded in regards to refund
N/A
I just placed my first order after being a member for several years. I was skeptical of the service but found it be very reliable, safe and easy to navigate. Overall, I would definitely recommend this service!!!
Have not used it
I haven't used it yet, but it's reassuring to know that you can expect a certain level of quality and fulfilment without getting ripped off.
I recommend it for the good service it provides
The service doesnt protects the customer the way it should specially when a payment is 100% upfront
The exchange rate is more disadvantageous than when using a bank
Quality of products are good for a few uses. I wouldn't buy them to start  a business or sell products.  Way too often, quality is low quality or not as promised it will be.
NA
good service
Very confidence inspiring arrangement. Clear and simple layout.
Its a great feature to protect buyers from unscrupulous traders.
Awesome sellers and services
GIVES ME PEACE OF MIND.
Trade Assurance is a joke. Whenever there is a problem Alibaba always takes the Sellers siode even when there is an obvious problem with the goods supplied. Trying to c=get someone from Alibaba to actually call you or talk to you is impossible even after e-mails and phone calls.
n/a
Trade assurance implies that product will be delivered according to terms designated by both seller and buyer. Unfortunately, during dispute process, regardless of how many pictures I sent of the clearly defective products, Alibaba chose to side with the seller saying evidence wasn't "clear enough". You'd have to be blind not to see clearly.   Therefore, you're better off not advertising "trade assurance" if you do not adhere to it.
I recommend Alibaba because it gives me security in shopping class, good service with suppliers, 24-hour follow-up, and answers at the moment!
I like the fact that the money is held in escrow until we receive our products, makes the transaction feel much safer
order completion needs to be confirmed by customers, not by 15 days pass shipping.
very bad experience with trade assurance dispute settlement. always on supplier side. no safety for the buyer.. i do not like the way the case is handled. i lost confidence to Alibaba
Trade assurance is good for buyer like us .
I think it's a great idea but now you have made the assumption that all orders will be fullfilled within 21 days or you automatically decide that the shipment has arrived. This is too short a period of time with all the delays throughout the supply chain due to covid19 and the fact that here in the UK, we are still setting up new import rules for each country since we left the EU and there are huge delays with transport of goods coming from overseas. It seems impoossible to speak to the supplier once the shipment has been assumed to have arrived.
New updated look, makes it much more atractive and easier to use
The time you have to review the suppliers satisfaction and to request a refund is very short, it would be great if you could extend it much longer (like in Amazon) where the limited time to write review doesn't exist, it's unlimited. The scrollbar doesn't work well either.It's annoying to log on all the time, or refresh the page constantly.There is a limit of 500 characters to modify the contract and that's very short, we should have more space for it.
you need trade assurance to protect your order
Satisfied
The cost is quite high
Suppliers sometimes complain about the high cost of Trade Assurance
It's a 2 ways protection for both parties
good one
should be more easer in communicate with supliers
No problem so far
Hvaing trade assurance allows you your transaction to feel secure.
50878642501022807 I have not been refunded for this order since august. I need help!
Product information is not enough.
Additional cost
I have raised a dispute regards an item from a supplier and it was clear Alibaba favours its suppliers. I have waited 2.5 months for a delivery that hasn't arrived, the supplier can show no evidence of its location and communication with me is awful. As such i requested a refund only for Alibaba to state i must be patient ! I could not believe this, I purchased from the site in good faith, was not told anything about delivery issues prior to buying and paying 429 usd for a product I have not received now 2.5 months after it was supposedly sent. The supplier provides no evidence of its current location just there word of mouth and still no item. it is disgusting
More room for improvements.
It’s been a great experience.
Feel confident that there is no risk with the trade assurance service
ok
I will recomended Trade Assurance for security
I opened a trade assurance claim against a manufacturer that lied about their services. I showed evidence they were lying. The manufacture did not have evidence they were telling the truth. In the end I only received a partial refund. It was too much trouble and headache just to receive a small amount of what I lost.
It's convenient for payment
not
I buy from Alibaba because I trust that if the merchants do not deliver the product, I will get a refund.
The bike arrived a month later than promised, and it arrived with no instructions and poor packaging to the point where one part was lost. I had to have the bike adjusted at a professional bike shop, the front wheel had to be put on,and  the derailer had to be adjusted. I have since put 53 miles on the bike and already have had to have the derailer adjusted for the second time and had the pedal crank fall off , which could’ve been extremely dangerous had I not come to a stop.(the factory hadn’t properly tightened it.Very dangerous.
A lot of troubles with the suplier for agree with the trade assurance and alibaba has to be more strong in the desitions.
how easy and clear it is to make a card payment
RECOMMEND - PRICE / CLARIFY COMMUNICATE NOT RECOMMEND - SOME SELLER HAS NOT SPEICIAL LIST WITH TRADING. (FTA DOCUMENT SUPPORT ETC, TRIED TO CHARGE DOCUMENTS FEE)
N/A
Some conversaton understanding between parties
It works very well, but the we where notifed that the time period to confirm the orderd had expired instead of giving us a warning to act accordingly. Fortunately the order seems to be OK
Communication is a BIG challenge. Finding the supplier the second time I get on your website is nearly impossible. The products move and change all the time which is confusing. Contacting a supplier is a challenge. Follow through from a supplier is a challenge. If I try to narrow down a search and put something specific in the "search" bar, lots of unrelated products show up.
its easy to use
OK
no
I didnt receive a support from Alibaba
I ordered 2 motorcycle gas tanks one of them wasn't even the tank I ordered the other tank is what I ordered but the gas cap is defective
You are legitimate.
very service
Your website is incredibly hard to use. It may stem from language issues. Your website needs to be more interactive.
I would recommend as it has been very user friendly.
It is secure purchase
no
the customer service doesnt work well
i would recommend the quality is good true to its size
I feel safe doing transactions overseas knowing that I have a certain level of protection if things go wrong. I also really like the conveniece of the TA Agreements, they are very simple and easy to understand.
Peace of mind
great response - easy to communicate
I hope that the process will be processed faster.
I can recommend but you need to reduce your charges for bulk payments say 2%
Merchandise takes to long to get to me , when it get here it has pass the 30 days of the the trade assurance time, i just have that issue , a  company send me the wrong product , they sell me something that was not real and i just lost my money
POR QUE MANTIENE SEGURO MI DINERO
I have a complaint. The seller write on the advertisement the item have 1 year warranty, but it isn't true.I can't make nothing. The customer (I) haven't any choose I lost a lot of many.I didn't recommend nothing.
Such a great service you can do business with confidence.
I supplied detailed records that the vendor (Carian Wu, Hebei Myself) failed to uphold her agreement multiple times, lied about shipment multiple times and forced us to use an alternate vendor (which was actually a good vendor).  This vendor should not be on alibaba.  This vendor will hurt the reputation of alibaba with bad service and multiple lies.
It is safe to use as the supplier had been trusted by Alibaba.
because even though my order still has not turned up i cannot request a refund
cool
never not recommend.  but it does take long to come in. and the shipment is high
Very few on your site will let you go thru it
I would not recommend it because the suppliers are not upfront about their pricing and most of them are only looking to get some money from you.I had a supplier produce hat samples for me. Only for them to say a month later after delivering the samples that my design would be to hard to make. Which was super confusing seeing that they made the samples with no problem.
ease
I would recommend
i recommend because the service is safe and quick
Confiability
It is safer to import from oversea
I don't know yet, but if everything is ok, I don't have complaint.
Great service and friendly, helpful sales teams
I received the order doesn't match the same requested colors
Great service
I recommend trade assurance for security reasons.
good service
Adds security for purchaser
we have been totally let down by alibaba in relation to their assistance for orders placed
It is not that easy and convenient to apply for refund. there is no support for customers for refund requests like shipping fee to return the ordered items.
its a safe alternative
get what i need
Price needs to be more competive
This service gave me the confidence  in my work with supplier.
The refund process is not trnsparent. Although given all answers there is no solution! Never again.
in a nut shell trade assurances is bull shit
Trade assurance sounds good if I would like to reduce a risk of buying across the world, but some possible suppliers preffer to contact by whatsapp or email. Therefore any disputes by Alibaba in case of wrong quality are impossible.This should be changed I think.
I would recommend TA as it offers the buyer some sense of security when purchasing from manufacturers.
Convenient to pay. Safe deal
Cause you all are nothing more than a den of liars and cheats.  Henceforth when this lawsuit goes live.  I'm going to clean house so that no one else ever has to suffer again as i have.  I'll own these business when i'm done and i'll shut them all down.  As for the liars and cheats, I sure hope everyone who has lied to me on my video chats over the last year are prepared for prison.  Cause all have been passing federal government photoshopped FedEx papers as legit...Which is a huge no no and a fast way to get into the slammer for 10 years. Fedex,Paypal and two other companies are joining with me with my endeavour.
Have had great service
Perfect.
I would like to be able to increase the limit I can spend on my credit card, but I can't seem to figure out how and customer support can't help me.
So far everybody has done what they said they would do. I am happy with the service and will continue to do business.
hard to communicate
The main problem is fake products and prices. When I look at the products and prices posted online and place an order, Thjey don't have a product or lead me to another product.
After3months I still do not have notice of my shipment
i have not received the product but the order status is complete
did not get a reasonable  resolution to a machine with problems that I bought. Ebay or Amazon would have handled it much differently
....
you cam find everything
very secure
It gives me a peace of mind, knowing that I am protected when I make new purchases
I didn't receive my order
No one
Easier transaction with peace of mind
Didn't help me when I have to cancel a order
Everything has been smooth and I feel very secure with Trade Assurance that my order will be perfect!
i am lost1000 dollars hire and alibaba costumer service very bad dont help me
As a customer does bring me some peace of mind to use the trade assurance services, however it's unclear to me how suppliers are being held accountable for bad products or bad quality. The purchaser still takes a financial hit due to the time wasted in negotiation.
Trade is based on trust.  You've created an environment where people can exchange concerns/answers and then complete a high probability exchange transaction.  Great work.
I like the security of the process
It makes the whole process so much more secure than other places. It also gives you peace of mind in you orders.
I requested a refund once because the seller sold me some very bad tracksuit samples and Alibaba refused to refund me because I waited to late.
Can't trust the suppliers.
Si recomiendo Trade Assurance, solo debe cobrar el 2 % de dichos monto económico, agradezco ser escuchado.
I have got a very good treat and an easy and fast communication
i was scammed by a seller
I am claiming that a supplier sold me products in poor condition and so far they have not given me any solution. there are many deceptions on the alibaba page
They did not give me an answer, they made me wait days and only the open dispute disappeared
The service doesnt solve problems
I have had no issues so I can't really say much about this product
I was scammed and Alibaba ruled in favor of the seller.The seller sent incorrect documents that do not allow me to remove the products from customs.
souvent de trop grosse quantité pour pouvoir commander.
It represents a support to the business.
its a great platform to find suppliers for numerous goods and services
Some items take 60 days to get so the money gets released too quickly.
asco global llcsibel toycascade electric incI paid 6000 dollars and did not receive any merchandise, they stole 6000 dollars from me,,,asco global, sibel toy ans cascade electric, stole on alibaba.....i wanted to buy " face mask 1860" y paid 6000 dolars and then nathing, i did not receive any merchandiseplease i need you to help me, y want my 6000 dolars....PLEASE HELP ME
there are number of loopholes in trade assurance service .We have faced number of issues in our orders but trade assurance services were of no help to us.We had to suffer losses.
You can't compare it to Paypal. We have a dispute for half a year now. Trade Assurance by Alibaba could make a fair proposal to solve problems more quickly.
Very easy to communicate, fast service, clear and comfortable.
it a very big resourcing market in china.
very safe
Great service
Is there a way to capture the customer experience within 1 - 3 - 6 months of engaging with a manufacturer/supplier found through Alibaba to ensure that the quality and customer responses are maintained. we have had certain experiences which does not hold the spirit of Alibaba well.
It is very high eiieciency system for communication.
Customer service is very poor and bad and the general information how thing work on the site. Its annoying that you use robots for customer service they are usually wrong
Yes. I will reccomend this to other for safe and secure payment to the suppliers.
easy use
Some time the supplier take time to respond
I
not fair on the disputed and the supplier keep changing the price to higher price to pay more very difficult to deal with the suppliers not as AMAZAON.com
No.
No Reasons
because he had a sensational purchase even though it was the first time on the platform, I felt safe and backed by the alibaba guarantee, that is why I am already eager to do business with my supplier again
Trade assurance did not cover my dispute even after I gave the seller my correct address
OK
very helpful， very nice, keep good contact with my supplier and arrange packing and shipping for me
I highly recommend it, everything very well and delivery on time
The order gets automatically confirmed even thoug I have not received the goods, that is nonsense.
Seller doesnt send right documents and "Trade Assurance Service" tell that i'm the one that cant import that type of goods for no reason. Its a bullshit and a SCAM!
1) When I had a problem with a vendor, and it was literally all the products that were damaged, I did not get my full refund.  I only got a small portion back and I lost money.  Trade Assurance did not help make it right, and their promises for guarantees were broken.2) When we have problems with the product, I work with the vendor and sometimes get a refund on the product only, but never get any refund for the shipping.
The delivery period is too long and the delivery cost is high, so I will use it only when I need it. I don't want to make recommendations to other people. In addition, since Alibaba does not guarantee product quality, it is inconvenient for various reasons such as the return product when there is a problem after receiving the product. Maybe that's because I didn't use the site well.
Problems are never resolved by Alibaba team
I like Alibaba because I feel secure using this all the manufacturer are legit and easy to talk with
fast shipping
When it comes to finding a specific product it becomes a little difficult and saturated with items I didn't want or were "similar" to what I was looking for and the moq of certain vendors can be a little inconsistent or misleading, meaning they'll say it's 100 in the 'about' section but when you ask them via chatroom they say it's 1,000. Otherwise, I enjoy the convenience and usefulness of the website.
If the supplier of the products is not known, there could be some uncertainty to contract, however, with this service, transactions are safer and provide peace of mind to buyers.
very one sided towards the supplier, my final product was the not the same as the sample and I was not given a partial refund, very poor service
SOME SAMPLES REACHED ME HIT AND I PAYED 60USD FOR THEM
I have already recommended you to a good friend . She told me that she has already signed up with you. I referred her to Jennifer Pan with Yiwu Bolan I&E co. Jennifer sent me a link to all of their products.
very reliable
It is too bias for the seller. It does not favor the buyer enough to make the buyers feel safe.
communication is slow
Its very easy and secure
Trade assurance sided with the seller when we received wrong item and items packaged really badly that we were left with a huge mess. Alice from Trade assurance should have spent more time understanding our problem first. It really infuriates me that buyers have no rights what so ever even after you claim to provide assurances and guarantees even when spending thousands of pounds on your system. You should learn to look after your customers if you wish to grow as a platform.
I feel it is a safe way to exchange payment to my supplier.
I have agreed with a seller for a refund, but as the term for a refund was passed, there is no "'Apply for refund" button, I submitted all the evidence, but I have not yet received a reply, which Alibabi dispute service said was due two weeks ago, September 28.
I had an issue with a seller, the problem were obvious but the trade assurance people took a long time to understand and for a while it did not look good. But in the end it worked out.
all perfect since now, thank you!
People in Alibaba lie to the costumer just to make money. I don't think is fear to buy item and they are not what one paid.
reliability
I would recommend Trade Assurance. It's a good option to have.
Always working well, no problems. Thanks, Jan.
cause its not usefull if i didn't get my package they don't care to fix it
I DONT WANT TO
I feel more safe purchasing from China companies using your website
Actually I've don't have a clear idea about Trade Assurance Service..
Always satisfied, i like their service
It is a process that gives security to the user, we are very happy with it.
I don?t have my money back y one order that is clearly not going to arrive
I feel secure with Ali Trade Assurance.
its a good service
The protection for buyers is great.
no
Peace of Mine in ordering and paying for items on the platform direct from traders and manufacturers.
trade assurance, product arriving not complete , there is no way to get refund, all depend on suppliers. ad business.
its unclear  the policies
all companies here has the experience and knowledge for product and like.
always recommend trad assurance, it means the company is trustworthy
Shipping takes forever and seller tried to sell additional S&H fees after order
To be safe better use Trade Assurance Service
dispute process is not good.
SAFE
Becuase it didn't provide us safety after a supplier totally failed his job
For a South African it is expensive for exchange rate
all easy and trust worthy
good
A lot of suppliers lie about theirs certifications. I have spent time to start a claim but it's change nothing.
Safe and quick
easy to use
great vendors,,,quick reply....
good
when I disuputed you favored the Chinese Factory even though they completly sent the wrong item. They did not design the product I ordered. They just sent me a plain black mask. I had paid for a custom designed product. You told me that the main function of the product was still there and gave me very little reiumbursement. I was looking for a custom product and not a plain black product. I did not deserve to be treated like this when the factory made such an error.
Nothing bad about the service, but the vendors credentials a bit of concern as few tend to be fake suppliers. Need more strict vendor background verification from Alibaba
Great place to shop and find good deals.
good job
It is convenient and safe
It is useless because transaction fee will not refunded even though it is the mistake of the Supplier. Buyer shoulder the fee which is totally not acceptable. Mistake of the supplier then Buyer will shoulder the Transaction fee?
yes very goob service
I had a problem with a seller who did not make the refund, despite having been at fault for not putting the points clear, and it hurt me a lot, they did not protect the purchase at all
I absolutely recommend Trade Assurance Service
Good dispute service
great service
Nice structor, easy to navigate products, dashboard and communicate.
Good.
Easy process
I am happy to have trade assurance to back up my orders. It is a great feature. I just don’t give a full satisfied review because I never had to use it, thankfully, but I’m happy to have it.
Service is really good
Great Communication
prompt friendly and easy to deal with
I would recommend
Safe and reliable.
safe transaction
I would Recommend because the description was easy to understand.
lo recomendaria por los precios de los productos y lo seguro que presenta ser la plataforma
I purchased 4 bags from a merchant and she sent me defective and wrong bags that I am planning on returning to her. She has not been transparent at all.
too many spam emails
I never knew Trade Assurance was based on the good faith of the supplier. I thought it was an independent service making a call based on the facts, but when I claimed, I was told or rather threatened to accept the supplier's offer else I would have no choice but to return the products back to the supplier at my cost.
Sometimes package gets seized.
work fine and correct
In my last transaction, I haven't received the package yet, but the order is reported as complete. I spoke to the seller and he tells me to wait until the package is on its way, but do I trust him or not. How can I report that I have not received the package?
The first supplier was perfect responsive and trustworthythe second order I made no resonse after I paid and she entered wrong delivery address although I gave her correct one and she doesnt respond to me although I have been messaging and calling. Appalling experience!
There should be checks to make sure there is a reasonable time kept by the seller regarding dispatch. What is the point of an agreed dispatch time if its totally ignored?
Great Customer Service
Great service
Great service
don't know enough about it
Time difference and discussion takes a lot of time and energy
Realy helpfull in providing the best sutible product for my application.
Because it helps you to get the product as your request
I will tell that is safe and good service, and good price, but I won't tell who is my provider because because it is my business.
no
Excellent service, however some providers do not respond to messages.
Easy to order and pay no drama shipment and delivery!
Trade assurance is good. It gives you some level of satisfaction that your money will go into purchasing exactly what you need.
I Will highly recommend Trade  Assurance to my business partners because it's really safe and secure.
ok
Thankfully I have not have to use it, but it gives me confidence that Alibaba is there just incase any issues come up.
No
good and self
Purchase security
You dont respond for all the damaged products. Very poor suppliers. They avoid doing paper work and make the orders for less money. Bad service. Too complicated to make an agreement with suppliers. Bad ethical work of suppliers and Ali baba doesnt protect the customer.
The service keeps track of the transactions including shipping costs which is very convenient.
it is safe to buy
un buen servicio
much better to have trade insurance for safety of the buyer. avoiding scam etc.
Safe
I do recommend TAS. Critical. The service saved me once already.
tried to get something sorted before but no answer
VERY NICE SERVICE! FAST DELIVERY, ALL DELIVERED WITHOUT CHARGES.
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance
liability cover
Alibaba needs to make sellers guarantee more strict and put things in place for buyers not to get ripped off by suppliers sending bad quality products and taking their money. Also make it easier for buyers to claim refund if they receive bad quality products.
Very difficult refund and dispute process. Buyer is given strict 3 days to respond or the case is closed, seller is given weeks to respond and the buyer just keeps getting notified saying "waiting for seller to respond". Very one sided.
none
100 delivery so far
Very good
security in process paynent
I would like to recommend because it is safe and easy to use
peace of mind
Because safe
pass
Difficult to login and maintain orders, messages. Poor UI. Have problem with delivery of poor quality product.
I hzve had nothing but problems on this site ordering from the vendors on here. the products are inferior and right now I have a refund dispute input and no one is reading it properly or taking my evidence seriously at all. this amounts to $3200usd too. i has been MONTHS without any legit contact or updates that even remotely coincide with your policies! I operate a business here and I have lost at least $5000 dealing with Companies who sell illegal products and also inferrior produts then make excuses or they do not assist as promised. I am currently in contact with my Lawyer right now.
it's a kind of guaranty when buying from suppliers in China
it is very seriously
It is very convenient,so great
The trade Assurance Service gives you peace of mind that you will receive what you ordered
Safe, fast, great people
It is verry prompt and it is safe
Got no refund before, for any problematic order
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it protects buyers like me from being scammed by sellers.
The service charge is too high. Some of us are using alibaba to procure for people. You need to consider our own interest too.
ok
for the safety of payment, possibility of refund in case of quality problems
China suppliers avoid payment trough Alibaba accounts. After making  orders they ask to pay on other accounts.
havent had to use it yet
I paid for an order and was blacklisted
Unsolvable fraud
I just buying my Christmas ornaments with discount and just dissapear the offer when I was paying.
Me da seguridad para hacer mis compras
It offers a form of assurance against seller misconduct.
Fright forwarding is very slow
maybe for the new vendor
security , good but high fee
cost for payment services a bit high especially being in Australia it means with our dollar that the payment cost is higher being in USD.
WE have always been happy with our purchases through Alibaba
Nice ,fast, knowledgeable, secure
--
WELL, LET SAY THAT I TOOK THE TIME AND THE RISK TO BEGIN DOING BUSINESS THRUE ALIBA, I THINK I SHOULD NOT SHARE THIS KNOW HOW THAT EASILY.
The main reason is that we can feel safe whlie we make a purchase to a provider
It is additional protection
There is little to no protection to the customer. I am getting the run around for an order that was not correct.
I would 100% recommend the service, knowing that I will get the product I ordered or my money back due to Alibaba accepts full liability. And they handle disputes with the supplier.
you favor sellers a lot and buyers don't
Perfect
it depends on the amount of money
easy
The said service not providing for india business owners
Any trust issues are taken away with this service, so I would recommend.
My Items arrived on time, and I was notified with every update.
supplier sent bad quality product
would recommend because it is easy to use
xxx
NO
it favours always the seller over the buyer
I need regular invoices on that. It is very painful to always have to ask for the invoices.
I will always recommend trade assurance service to anyone
2 major reason I notice when I have items in my cart I contact seller about the shipping they add more on top the Shipping price comparing to what I see in my chart which is not fair and another the never want to give me and FOB quote.
I bought a billiard table paid to delivery address.It delivered 2200 kilometers away from my address. Its inside Manzanillo port.Then I need to have a customs broker agent, I dont have, anyway need to register, take weeks, its charging $50 dollars per storage per day. Im not an agent,This its a crazy hard way to buy.Please dont release payment.
great service. great vendors
suppliers said we need pay the 2% extra fees !!!!
OK
Trade Assurance make buyer like me safety and easy transaction
Goods took a long time to arrive due to shipping company delay, and alibaba sent message to me stating that things had come to an end and seemed to think that the goods had arrived, but i hadnt actually received the goods, so i am not sure if the trade assurance is long enough. I assume it will be as long as it takes for goods to arrive, but automated emails suggested otherwise. All ok though. no problems as long as trade assurance covers the time needed.
I would like to exchange rate and fee will be lower
give confidence in dealing with suppliers. But I would like more details of information to know whether a supplier is manufacturer or wholesaler.
it really depends on the price
it gives me a feeling of getting a safe order
great website easy to use
it's find
First, the seller must be a reliable supplier. Second, the safety of funds. Third, the payment method is flexible. Fourth, buyers have greater control over orders!
It protects me.
Complete business transaction without worry.
it provides security but not 100% guarantee
Suppliers are able to meet timeline of deliveries and easy monitoring.
very nice
It has a warranty that the product will arrive just like the pictures show
Very Sure
although i had paid through trade assurance alibaba prefferred to take the seller's side with the dispute and refunded me 170$ only although i had paid 400$
Communication was easy and effective
the priduct it is a good quality and the service is super
We haven't had any issues with orders. That is a good sign. That being said we don't know how reliable it would be if we did have a problem.
no experience
Peace of mind
Protects both parties especially unsuspecting buyers
Never received order
Hi. Yes, I would recommend them but I think they have a weakness since I made a claim and they have not given me any answers about that, they have to work more on the security part since there are providers that are not reliable.
Good communication from jiessie.
I highly recommend Trade AssuranceAnd work only with verified vendors in all respectsBecause a beginner or experienced importer it can save a lot of headache
Because that way my order is safe.
Very fast service, understood my needs and shipped exactly what I needed.
great
Trade Assurance expires before my items arrive at my address.
Not applicable.
Super items and great sellers, lots of communications between us - Very happy
I feel like Alibaba has a great customer protection and I love it because customers don't have to worry about possible risks or scams, which is very great when it comes to online shopping. keep it up
xx
i would recommend Trade assurance because its very safe and buyer friendly service
i would because without it, I wouldn't have made a business out of what my passion was. I applaud this platform for doing that for me.
Very easy linking to my bank and saving of my information so that I do not have to enter every time. Good access to past invoices and details for accounting.
safe and easy!!
unsure
Important for protecting my investment.
Trade Assurance won't accepts my credit card payment but it works in Aliexpress
Warranty.
I am very unhappy with Trade Assurance as they seem to favor Chinese suppliers and not the buyers or customers. I am still having an issue to get my refund from the Vinn Ceramic tile company and i bought tiles. I have asked Alibaba to help me but they havent.
i would recommend trade assurance because i feels very safety
I think the whole Alibaba system shit. Why isn't there a price and a shipping price in the ads that you can rely on and buy immediately?The real prices should be in the ads. and not any lock offers. I recently bought 20 hydraulic couplings the price indicated was $ 3.50 each, I later got the couplings at a price of $ 8.80 each that is about 220%. that's a mess.
I don't want let the competitor know this useful service.Thank you .
The product quality is very high, the service is very good
your services are good but depends on shops responsibility
safety
No reason
.
exelente
great suppliers
I bought Granite from a supplier but did not received Granite but a man made material laminated with black surface.  Alibaba customer service was not able to solve the problem to my satisfaction.  .
this site has been extremely helpful for finding what I need
Sometime there is a glitch and very frustrating
I would recommend because the quality of the product and customer service is good.
It was very easy to find what I was looking for and contact the manufacturer.
i would recommend its a good start
i tried alibaba for the first time and the experience was very bad, very bad qaulity and very bad packaged order and after i pay the trader never answered me , i will never buy from alibaba again and i will nor recommended to anyone
Trade assurance ensures that you will get the product you are ordering along with the peace of mind that you will not lose your money should something go wrong with your order.
Pricing
good service
I've made 2 purchases
My business is stand using import goods from alibaba and we feel very relax when transaction goes from alibaba. my payment is secured.
I ordered a bumper for a 150 000$ car. I received the bumper two months after the programmed time with the seller and had to pay more than 450$ more than what the seller told me. The bumper had the worst quality I've seen in my 5 years of working as an engineer in the automotive sector and came in in the worst state, it has issues all over and yet after arguing for over two months with seller I asked alibaba to come in. They didn't even read my motivations and denied my refund request This is a joke I will never recomend to anyone the use of this website and I am extremely upset with everything about your website
Because seller send me a fake product
Because I submitted a complaint for a supplier that sent me a different sample than what I ordered and my order was not refunded or protected.
Quick rep
no
Fees are too high.
I had a very poor expereince with a vendor and I had no one at Alibaba to speak to
TODO BIEN.
becouse on Alibaba its fair trading
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because this way you can protect your payment and in case that something is wrong, your money are secure.
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service. However, I have had an instance where I had issues with a Supplier and nothing was done to protect me.
I feel comfortable that Alibaba trade assurance system might protect my rights.
extra protection
Easy
Confidence
Messages take a lot of time to load, kindly improve it as it takes a lot of time to load.Yes trade assurance is the great service, but it's hard to see where to claim the money from in case goods dont arrive.
Alibaba is a one-stop sourcing platform that you can source virtually all products from. Its totally amazing.
Professional Service, easy access
This service gives you total warranty you will receive the goods or your money back, so you can work totally with absolute peace of mind and guarantee
jljh
Meu dinheiro n?o está na minha conta.
we like it , lower risk
Winson Wong (Dongguan Ecocore Electronic Tech) sold me fake products and never returned the money ($1700.00).I tried filing a dispute but because I couldn't provide the information in time, Alibaba dismissed. I'd like it to please be reopened and my money returned. People like Winson give Alibaba a bad name.
Its a great system that gives confidence to close deals even with new partners.
good
no reason i have said i would recommend. its a worthwhile service to have especially if you are not familiar with your seller and you can not visit your seller.
Both Alibaba shipping and transaction charges are very high compared to other shipping and payment methods.
The Trust
They do everything right!
I love to chat with suppliers and get the answer of my questions
There appears to be a lot of larger suppliers that don't use it. No recourse for difficult Alibaba Members
low quality! the scooter was okay for about 3days then broken on the 4th day. they just told me to fix it on my own and buy and change the screw!! they said that it's not covered by the warranty which should be covered by the warranty! i want my money back!! it cost mme 699USD then this is what I got??? c'c'mon NOW IT'S BROKEN AGAIN FOR THE SECOND TIME. WHEN WILL THIS BE FIXED? WHEN I DIE BEBECAUSE OF ACCIDENT? it's getting broken every time I go to work. supplier doesn't care about my safety. GIVE MY MONEY BACK. firsfirst 2 photos are the first time it got broken then the next 2 is when it was broken for the 2nd time. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!
I like Alibaba
It's super good
The ease of use and trust is inspiring
kkk
I would recommend trade assurance.
It works, and i'll feel safe with it
very easy process and I feel safe to purchase on the website
I have being trying to ask for a refund for an order that has not arrived. The App will not allow me to.Also if the supplier does not deliver on time it automatically says delivered when it hasn't been.
Because its very vague on how it works. It seems that it will favor suppliers more then buyers and only available in certain countries. Reference check and supplier info check should be available in all countries and same with product inspection and delivery agent. If trade assurance cant be done, paid inspection of everything should be available.
Verry good
If order is sent by ship, because it takes alot of time you are unable to extend the deadline for more then 15 days
I would recommend Trade assurance because it gives the fidelity that what we are buying is going to be what we are paying for. I would be really happy if was easy to modify an order when still is nor paid
Because it acts as a guarantee that product will come, and because the products can be tracked.
Feels unsafe. Difficult to get help with my order.
I haven't received my package. I am very dessapointed
For speed, perfect customer service, professional
It is reliable and safe
Provided evidence for items not under specifications sold as HIwin original which are being ignored. Had no other option than open a case with Paypal
Because I do not want to give away secrets
I have made a few purchases over the last few month, the transactions were quick and easy, but the problem is that when I asked the suppliers with valid invoices, they seem reluctant to provide, I have doubt that the validity of these suppliers and how did they become verified if they could not even provide a valid invoices for their products being sold to the customer. Very disappointed.
its a secure way of business
seriosity
Fast and easy
Untrustworthy vendors.  Misleading.
I have had money transferred to some people that did not come good with the goods, this way you are guaranteed to receive your items, peace of mind.
I recently made a purchase on the platform and by mistake the seller did not receive my product. I already opened a dispute and the seller does not answer me and alibaba closed the window to send the evidence I want my refund because I did not receive my product
very easy to find things
I recomend it becase its safely and good
There is support regarding the faults of the sellers and they are honest in returning the money when you have been scammed by someone or agree to cancel a sale. Sellers are quick to respond when Alibaba intervenes (even though some don't do it for good).
I only used it once and feel like it hasn't impacted my shipment. Its nice to have assurance, but I haven't fully used it yet.
should ask the customer if order has arrived or is correct before closing it
Good service
We make large purchases. The $5000 limit is very very inconvenient
prices are going higher and shipping is way too much !
Creating the invoice by myself is almost impossible due to uncertiness about shipping
I can pay  by credit card.
top
vendors do not honor the prices they advertise.
no
Very tidy process, good platform for communication, easy to track events and shipments.
Feels safe
works for supplier protection only
By using Trade Assurance Service we don't have fear of losing money.
Great protection
it just works so smoothly
Trade assurance actually gives the buyer the security that he can claim and receive back money in case the supplier has not sent goods or goods with the necessary quality
I would recommend this products and services as the quality of product is amazing rather than before and service in alibaba is very goodI hope alibaba allow GPN cards/Debit Cards for payment make it more easier to pay or gpn/debit card used in local Bank of south east AsiaPlease make easy to pay I hope in future so glad doing business then
With the very experience I have right now. I have not received my goods on time (face shields) from this supplier run and operated by one named karen hsu. I asked for a complete refund because I was guaranteed of Trade Assurance I relied on, only to find out that it is not dependable nor reliable. As if, my plead fell on deaf ears. So frustrating. I should never trusted alibaba since then.
Sellers try to do business outside Alibaba
I try to contact buyer via Alibaba App but not working properly
Great Service and Great Product
easy and secure
They have not solved a single issues for me when a company makes mistakes. Trade Assurance should protect me as a buyer from scams and bad mistakes. Not once has Trade Assurance done this.
So far I have received my orders with no problems.
The negotiation was clear and it was concluded according to the original agreement.
not the same business values, some businesses are excellent others end the wrong items and then will not take responsibility. it is very risky
I was not treated fairly during the only time I used it where the supplier disputed.
YOU HAVE A BACKUP OF YOUR MONEY
The best service and send the products on time
I wouldn't recommend for shipping time wasn't accurate.
Dealing with a previously untested supplier, having the trade assurance platform to protect your payments and the advertised quality of the goods is reassuring.
it' is ok , make guaranty in business
Because you only give 30 days which is not enough, specially when you uses sea freight which takes about 35-45 days and by the time you receive your products your trade assurance time is already over. So to be me it's of no use
It seems reliable to us.
dfghfgh
some of the sellers give hard time with delivery and service there after.
2 of 3 sellers I have ordered from so far have falsely advertised and despite  me filing a claim they have been able to get away with it
The process is too slow it's been ages since i have raised my dispute and dispute process favours sellers than buyers.
Thanks
NIce and complete platform.   I am not very pleased with the problem resolution center.
It is practical.
Sometimes what i ordered for looks different when i get them and that's wasting of money and time
no
customer service is poor, response time in cases isnt good
N/A
Because of the serious in the work and the professionnal side.
I will because they are reliable and safe to do transaction
Fair trade, products arrived, and clear communication with vendor
need more warranty days
I had issued with one supplier who I purchased goods from. He was very unprofessional and untrustworthy. However, most suppliers were very good at communication and helping with orders.
Because it is not clear how would I have my refound.
its safe reliable and its quick
very efficient
It protects the business owner.
Is the biggest merchant page of the world
Reliable!
very good
very low quality product. Not genuine. low potentcy extract.
hasta la fechala empresa Foshan Chenhong Lighting Electrical Appliance Co.,Ltd no puede sustentar con documentos formales el buen funcionamiento de las maquinas de luz UV que me vendio y se niegan a devolverme mi dinero, ya que exprese mi deseo de devolver toda la mercaderia, me envian documentos ya sea de otros productos o a nombre de otra empresa,
Wonderfull
ras
I recommend them for transparency and ease in all their processes
Everything went smooth, therefore I'll likely buy here again!
Security on transaction for people you don't know
We greatly approve the possibility to make transfers to a German bank account
All this international trade was new for me, I felt lonely and they help me step by step, now I feel more confident and happy with this.
Trade Assurance is really useful: even with the suppliers we know well, there are sometimes little problems, such as sold out products, products finally not exactly as specified, etc. The Trade Assurance helps solving quickly that kind of issue
very nice
Would and will to continue to use Safe holds everyone accountable
Excellent
It looks to be completely safe
more seller doesn't respect agreement after receives payment
Very efficient
peace of mind
I recommend but sometimes the answer of Alibaba Team is slow
I enjoy working with Alibaba for the convenience and the access to many suppliers.
Money In Out / Good
user friendly and easy to work
Security for your money and for your goods.
i had a problem with a vendor and the person who manage the dispute did not get that the vendor was not honest
Great place to buy.
The concept is important, but I have never had any disputes to test it in reality.  So, I'm positive on the idea, it's necessary.   But hard to praise it until I have a reason to test it.  Thanks!
The product does not work
I have ordered a lot in alibaba and so far what ever is the agreement, they are true to there words.And Anna is very precise with her negotiation but not too pushy.
Its a secure way of trading.. No scams, product assurance guaranteed
Access to more than one or two options, easy to use
Isaiah Jiang from Yantai IRay Technology Co., Ltd. was very patient, responded quickly, and address all issues that arose from the transaction.
No not at this stage.
Its very safe for my company
-
Understood the concept, easy to communicate with. Service is impeccable and very friendly. Quality is absolutely fantastic
46268807001025115 NOT RECEIVED YET BUT WAS TOLD DELIVERED SUCCESSFULLY !!!!!Payment made on 14th july 2020 !!!!
no
It protects the customers
Had a positive experience so far
muy buen producto
Difficulty getting customer service...automated doesn't understand and Chat not work either. Very frustrating.
I had a problem with an order and Trade Assurance department was able to help. Thank you!
It makes me feel confident in my purchase
I would recommend it as it is an added layer of protection when purchasing from a different country
safe guard your purchases to allow more peace of mind
Experienced many times that the supplier/seller not really selling/honoring the listed price or MOQ.  This causing a waste of time for me to select the product and inquiry about the product, and turns out the supplier/seller just putting the fake lower unit cost to trick people.  If Alibaba can have a more strict policy for suppliers/sellers to honor the listed cost, this can give a better confident to buyers.Another thing is the shipping cost.  Low product price to trick buyer, and then a ridiculous high freight charge.  This is just same as a fraud!  Doesn't Alibaba has any guideline or policy to eliminate this type of fraud?
I get some bad suppliers, and we cant get any refund from them.,
I have had really good experience with one company and i have had a really bad experience with another company.
muy lentos los envios
The responses I got from the assistance was just fantastic.
i wanted to put in my discount code
really useful for every buyer. This can protect you for many troubles
Distributors take forever to ship and constantly lie
really easy and professional
it is very slow and is not possible to speak with someone live when you need
It pays for itself over time so I recommend it.
Every time that We has used Trade Assurance it has been easy and fast. Thanks
transaction fee too high in dutch country
The transaction fee is high, If it's reduced, it would be better.
thanks very much
With TA, the client has some form of protection against fraud or unjust decisions of suppliers.
Fees are too high.
good service, good supliers.
Do not understand it
It is good to have alibaba support during the whole process
So far so good. I will need to use their services more in order to confirm consistency of quality customer service.
Excellent customer service for buyers
Bad experience with other account.
Haven't really felt the effects of the service either positively or negatively.
It makes the transactions more easy, and we are more confident to make business
My package hasnt arrive
iv been scammed and only receive half barely half an order , iv tried contacting you but all I get is a robot that keeps repeating the same thingim disgusted with this service and the way customers are treated
Good communication with vendors via messaging app. Easy payment options.
Takes long and is a complex process.
All businesses that I have contacted were friendly and trade assurance let's me confirm when I have received my order.
Excellent response service!
I simply wanted to "return" a wrong item, and alibaba stood against the customer. I'll be posting this to my 64,000K followers.
my last order dispute service was mot as expected at all supplier changed his word and even with proof Alibaba can't secure my money and took too much time to reply and really not satisfied
So far it is been working fine to deliver the exact goods that we bought
It's good and effective.
Simple process. Easy to use.  9 not 10 as you need some knowledge on shipping and orders before ordering.
I  canceled an order with a seller that was not honest and received a refund very prompt.
My account has been closed with no prior notice and for no apparent reason
sorry i should write yes
some of the supplier are not fear, warranty are not honor . Alibaba need to do more for its buyer .
good value for money, once relationship is built with manufacturer you can have a good business relationship with great understanding and deals.
Very easy to talk to suppliers in China and very fast responses.
ease to seeking supplier from china
IT IS SO FAST SHIPPING SERVICE
Easy and fast
Prices!
you can find anything you're looking for at a great speed and price
It gives me a sense of security
it's great
It is very good service
I like to website and it is easy to contact suppliers.
It is just we want more support in term of shipping for countries other than USA
Easy to use, happy with products, great variety
If I would recommend, I like people to prosper in this life
secure buyers' transactions, but could put more payment methods in trade assurence
It is still the best option available
Give customer confident
The supplier raised the price on the product we agreed upon after sending us an inferior product to the sample we sent to indicate the quality we would accept.  Extremely dishonest. This is the worst experience i have had in my professional life.  It was as if he was ready to set us up for fools.
I made some purchases where the seller was a liar and did not deliver what was purchased, the product did not come complete and because of the pandemic it was not delivered properly. He chose a shipping method that cost me much more for transport than I had already paid , when I complained he didn't support me and didn't bother to help me with anything. The insurance had already expired because of the pandemic and I was left with the products incomplete. I do not recommend anyone to buy through Alibaba as there is no adequate trust and it is not a safe place.
good and fast
i would i like the guaranttee
assurance pay
protection seems more for the seller than for the buyer.
Because after a couple of purchases and the provider not delivering a suitable machine for working with local voltage.Very dissapointed of trade assurance and also with the provider.If this was in a small order there is no reason to use it in larger orders.
For me the interface is not entirely comfortable, it is slow, and the messenger is also very slow.
Clear and safe
It makes me feel a lot safer doing business.
It is impossible to use.  We pay a premium in charges to Alibaba, and do not receive a service in return.  I actually am not even really sure how to use it ?  I have asked for refunds on larger purchases that were not correct.  The answer has come back that they blame the manufacturer but will not refund my money.  That doesnt seem like trade assurance to me.
There is no open channel that can be written to you , only you can write to me. I wrote to you  for customer service and you did not answer me .
it's a good security, because we spend a lot of monney
fasat service
there's no assurance when sellers are deliberately trying to deceive buyers.
I would recommend because the website interface is easy to use and my first time buying experience for very great. Particularly with communication.
Searching products can be a waste of time as it generally producs many products totally unrelated to your search.  Be prepared to waste lots of time trying to find what you want.
Supplier can delay the order so the trade assurance doesn't work anymore.
I am dissatisfied since I buy some heat exchangers I do not have them yet and I do not have an answer when I will have them is the order number 54492258001023910 and they mark it as a closed order
in some cases the stuff is not technicaly trained enough to make the correct decissions.
until now i can not complain
all good
Still very confusing, ugly interface
Trustworthy service with verified contacts. Quality items listed with friendly suppliers.
I haven't had much experience with this service. The only issue I have had was only because I didn't fill out the order correctly an so your supplier asked me to redo the order. Nothing was actually returned.
I had a great experience with it.
I like the fact you have security when buying your goods
It is safe and if you dont get the goods you can get your money back
Even though I purchased through Trade Assurance, there was not enough protection, and I lost my money from a supplier who sent me the wrong product.
very easy and reliable
Thanks to Ellen,  she helped me through ordering very quickly and products are described!
It's an additional safety feature for buyers so I'd recommend this.
I was not happy when I tried to put in a claim
The seller cheated. He does not respond to my messages. The seller closed the order, I did not receive the package. Order No.50704015501026093   |  2020-08-18
Precision in communications, best prices on the market, availability on the part of manufacturing companies.
EXCELLEND SERVICES
I will recommend Trade Assurance for security purposes.
Ho la sensazione che il vostro sito è in grado di seguire il cliente per qualsiasi problema.
x
all good
I had an issue with a seller and provided all the documentation and my case was closed without explaining why or anything happening to the seller.
Fees to use alibaba ar expensive, exchange rate is poor
Buyers have the confidence to place orders with suppliers not previously used, knowing that there is some level of protection
Easy and reliable and safe.
Very happy with the service thank you
It is good service
I would recommended.Communications nrrd to be improved more. Time and prices are very MATTER.
It?s a regular servi?o...
great and friendly
Received crystal wrapped in newpaper and all broken. trade insurance didn't protect me and I lost all my money despite having trade insurance. Trade Insurance did nothing for me so It's like having no security for consumers at all.
Your app messager is too difficult to you
I was sent the wrong product and the person would not want to send it back if i do not pay for shipping
All sellers prompt you to chat outside alibaba
The communication between buyer and seller are not very open and clear. The item arrived on time but later on I received and tax payment by post i wasn't expected that extra payment over the price of the product.
I dont know
safety
-
n/a
I recommend the Trade Assurance service because it guarantees you all the rights and helps you to claim your right as a trader
prix très intéressant, et très bon contacte
Because it's simple practical and safe to make payments
direct contact with the manufacturer
The Trade Assurance program is heavily weighed to support Chinses manufactures.  NOTHER WE SAID matted, we were accursed of changing the scales of ruler because our pictures are PROOF of the problem.
I would recommend Trade Assurance for those who would read the contract drafted by the supplier. The only downside I don't like is when the buyer uses shipping via sea and the delivery terms on the contract drafted will be completed within 1 week upon delivery to warehouse. In other words, the trade assurance shows completed but the item has not been received by the buyer yet ---still sailing.Oh another thing, sometimes the supplier uses other link for a specific item order --but attaches a PI for it to proceed. It's kinda scary.
I received a bad item, and I have to pay the shipping back.I my eyes, EVERYTHING should have been covered, not only the item price.Plus all the sellers are liers.They list a price - when you contact them they charge double or triple.Plus Alibaba allow to be gold users to people whi can not provide tradeassurace.So they are more likely to be scam if you send money via westernunion or bank.
the payment method is not complete than aliexpress. aliexpress can pay by DOKU, virtual account from indonesia.
easy to use.
very easy to access and to work with
I would
My two of payments are pending for refund since more than two months
i like the service i havent had any major issues i did get a shipment that was short but y vendor assured me that in my next package i would have what i didnt before
Recomended ,Its a great service
At least in Alibaba I feel safe
I would recommend trade assurance for the reasons it protects the product and any buyer money.
It works sometimes and doesn't work other times. I have an order that was delayed but the system tells me the order is completed since it went beyond the 50 days. I still don't have my order yet.
muy buenos
i have received faulty products twice now and have had no help from alibaba in the refund process. we have lost a significant amount of money on stock that can not be sold! Our expectation is that Alibaba worked with good producers and protected its clients but so far this has not been the case.
Many suppliers wrongly advertise their product . Their description is deceptive. buyers loose a lot of time because they do not tell you the truth until the last moment...hoping that you will buy anyway.
I would like a Trade Assurance Service because We able to trust for safety product and fast delivery. Thank you.
They are very efficient , n good
NA
The supplier we have is very understanding.
finding reliable manufacturers can sometimes be trial and error. I think I got lucky with my manufacturer and the quality they provided on this transaction. But there is definitely a level of risk involved.
The services offered by Alibaba is not clear.
I assumed the Trade assurance was straight forward, It took weeks to get any kind of result. I have warned others of my experience and to be more wary as the guarantee is not actually a guarantee. I now dont feel comfortable buying on new suppliers and no longer trust that my purchases are protected. Luckily I have already found some great suppliers so I will continue to purchase of them.
Range of productsEasy and fast to deal with traders
.
It is safe and fast response.
Some seller refuses to refund
very fast answer from the suppliers tat is very good
I have been buying for several years and I am satisfied!
It-s safe
Communication is always in a timely manner. Shipping in timely manner. Shipping packing great.
because some of supplies are no good
Low-cost price than other site..
Best prices
ok
I'm very comfortable and satisfy with Alibaba Trade Assurance.
reliable transactions and supplier management
I would reccomed
didnt receive the product'''??????
Not working items never reapair
It is impossible to get to speak to anyone from Alibaba when one has a complaint about Alibaba itself or its sellers. That makes it an very unreliable sevice which I cannot trust
Good Service and honest
security
It take care of our purchase and incase not satisfied with the product , it can be easily return
its safe
My experience has been excellent
very expensive
excellent service
Cheap price but the delivery is not that fast.
It is easy to search for any product.
It's not clear to me what your Trade Assurance Service is. Do you mean the entire Alibaba experience?
We recommended Trade assurance,if you have any product quality problem or shipment error or damaged or broken goods.
quick and safe
Easy and and friendly
Trade assurance puts pressure on suppliers to actually deliver.
I ordered some adjustable dumbbells from one of your suppliers however on getting to the UK I could not sell it as it has infringed several copy rights.What does alibaba do to stop copyrights.
Been very easy to deal with.
nada a declarar
Becuse you guys are on it.From purchase to door to door.My very first transaction was flawless.I am very pleased.My product arrived very quickly.Quicker than i anticipated.
The market is wide accessible, translated relatively fine (although I would add more emojis) and free.
I think so
Well I would refer them to the one that helps me he's very helping and understanding and he does everything to get me what I'm needing
I had an issue with a scam supplier and it was not resolved. Instead it was brushed aside and closed. Trade assurance means nothing to me because it doesn't exist. I will let others know this.
easy to useprovide a trust and confidence with in dealing with the sellersI can rate the sellers based on trade assuarance
Extremely safe and helps out when problems occur
Helped me get into the industry and find resources that i could not find locally.
it can assure me that my money wont get cot.
Trade Assurance has helped propulse my Buisness at a higher and professional level. Clients have more confidence and this is a very Excellent aspect in every business
provides a detailed update of purchases and amounts agreed on. therefore provides clearer view of costs
good service
Too hard to navigate.
yes
It's a scam, you provide no assurance. I have been ripped of 100K Eur due to fake assurance for products which were shipped without claimed certification.
I did safe business and having very good comunication. I have a lot options to choose on products. I dealt with very efficient staff. The platform seemed safe to me. So all my expirience was satisfactory.
because I make several orders that in some cases the products arrive in bad conditions and when I make the claim, some give me a half solution and another case in which they flatly refused to give me a solution for the damaged units, where the agent tells me that I have to send my package to its place of origin so that they can see the damaged products, which their shipping price is many times higher than the product. I believe that the guarantee of the products that are purchased for this application should be respected.
Very good platform to buy unique quality anything!
Trade assurance should cover the warranty given by sellers, sometimes the machines that are ordered break down shortly after they arrive and the sellers do not respect the guarantee they promised.
Lowers the risk of any fruad traders.
Lowers the risk of any fruad traders.
Because you support the seller rather than the buyer who pays up-front.
flexible and secured payment
supplier who do not deliver on time. but you will always get a quick message.
I would definitely recommend to opt for trade service for guaranteed goods, secure payments and prompt delivery. This is a good tool incase of order disputes and a good way to protect the buyer and seller  and to make sure they respect their commitments.
Good service
No answer
Dealing from a great distance away, and in another language it's reassuring to have trade assurance in place.
i have so good for support  if have problem
Please make sure all suppliers are properly inputting information as I just paid over $2,000 dollars for equipment and now the supplier is asking that I should cancel and re-order.
the only thing i dont like is suppliers wont let you order small amounts they always want you to get 1000 or more and everyone can afford that much and shipping
love the selection, but work on the shipment speed.
I would recommend it because it gives the buyer a safety net incase there are issues with the supplier
First purchase was a successful experience. Everything arrived in correct terms and conditions
because there is scammers here and alibaba can't help you with it.
Very safe and easy.
Been quite easy to get changes made as well as getting multiple shipping option to allow or economic shipping.
I would recommend the service... But needs a lot of improvements.  I had some issues where I needed to get a reimbursement for a defective product and Alibaba was NOT helpful at all.... I kept getting routed to different departments and my case was never resolved!
No enviaron los modelos que pedí Llegaron tallas que no pedíLleagon 2 prendas descocidasAcabados en el tiro de baja costura.
I would recommend trade assurance as Ali Baba is a respectable platforom so it offers peace of mind
no answer
easy to navigate
GOOD VENDORS AND PRODUCTS
I paid on August 4th, 2020 for 200 teeth whitening trays.   I show where it was taken out of my account but I have not received them yet.  I paid $240.91 total which included $100. in shipping.Very upset with this.   Please find out where my product is before I contact the bank on false charges with you.Jeannie MuellerBeauty To Go Lasers
sounds like a good service but have never been used it
For the Specific Company and person I have been working with. I have gotten great response and help.  Therefore I would recommend that company and person.   One thing that I have noticed though, is I would not get an email notification that the company had sent me an email. I had to go in and check Alibaba everyday to see if  I got an email.  I really miss the notification email that we use to get.
i would recomend it because it is profesional.
So far so Good.  All the vendors have been quick to respond.  Efficient with production and quick to ship.
Honestly speaking, Chinese in Africa have kind of bad reputation of being crooked, however Alibaba proved me wrong, I have just learnt that Chinese business are one of the most diligent in the world.
none
I would totally recommend the Trade Assurance Service because it will keep the both parties buyers and sellers on a safe-keeping agreement. With this service, as a buyer we will feel safe and confident to look for new business partners.
The concept is unclear and unpleasant to use
malo
i buy 50 kids tricycle i do my best pay the inspection to verify the quality i recieved all the products with missing part and different like the one i order i can't resale them, after paying to order the goods i lost all that money because i trust that alibaba will protect my transaction to the and, you just confirm everything with out i recieved my order and i can't discuss with seller that's a very bad expérience just lose 3000$ like that.
make it sure
no
I bought Dioden Laser and become damaged Laser with very poor Quality ( Case is damaged and full of water and without function)The Seller dont want refund. I want , that the Seller pick up his damaged laser and refund my Money.I am waiting of Trade Assurance. Nad hope, i will be refund.
Payment security
no
Its ok
After had an serious problem with an order of Capsuls and handel all details including all needed documents, the assurance service desides that my issue is not right and denied it. So I really dont know, what the Service is for.
convenient.
Everything is good enough
Gives confidence.
Trade Assurance is a good way to ensure all goods are accounted for and for defects to be handled accordingly.
My account is suddenly blocked for no reason and no one can solve my problem
would recommend as an all in one solution.
Extremely wide choice of goods
It was great service.
You service is the Best!!!
poor dispute resolution its shit
convenient.
never fails to deliver
Very easy and works well.
does not apply
On Order ID: 8003752200048404, Order time: 22:37 Oct. 06 2019 from Store name: Arab Outlet Store in Aliexpress I received a micro card instead of the Game Boy I ordered and Trade Assurance did not do anything to return my $ 9.34. This already happened before twice with other orders that I already lost track.The real problem is the lack of personnel that understands the situation and only follows time limits like zombies.I still have not been refunded.
Lo recomendaría siempre me han informado de mi paq
3rd party guarantee and able to paid by credit card
kind response to costomer
ok
No comment.
suppliers rarely answer
The best way to find many thing , easy chat with supplier, easy to buy
good products better prices than if purchased in Canada good dealings with manufacture
its a one stop shop
mmmmm
ok
The shipment never arrived and there was no correct tracking of the shipment.
The trade assurance  system has a few problems.  So far I have been met with companies charging Trade Assurance fees, so the fees are beign passed to me with each transaction.  When there has been an issue, there does not seem to be a fair remedy. Any issue I have had has been met with Seller bias and there is no real protection.  Services like inspection seem to have no value or actual results.
so many different vendors and choices t resonable pricing
I was unable to confirm on the internet or on the phone that I have received goods.  I was not able to say, that I received goods, as ordered and nothing is wrong or missing.   I was never informed what was  the deadline for me to respond and where I should send my response.  Trade Assurance closed my account without any of my input.   I will not use it again.
I have not received this product
Respaldo del dinero y compra
n/a
Fast , save trade
Great and secure way of dealing with overseas suppliers
I would recommend the service cause if the quality of the product
I let others make up their mind
I have had good results
Because they cheat you and lie to you and when they screw you out of thousands of dollars they wont refund you. i spent 6k. they said if i sent it back. id have to pay 600 shipping plus 30% of what i spent in the first place but because i bought upgrades they wont accept refunds or returns. they practically told me to fuck myself. they made it sound like the 1.5k spare battery was something you could carry with you in case you went on a long trip. you cant even hold it on a saddle rack because its size and weight. 1.5k that i have no use for. i just threw that money in the garbage.
No
I have had no problem in the pass and feel a sense of security using Trade Assurance
it gave me certainty, that my money is not wasted
I s is a good and secure source of trading online.
You make it VERY difficult to pay for invoices with a credit card. Despite the fact that I pre-approved the charges through my bank.
gives security when making the purchase and is a way to buy more safely
Reliable and fast.
Alibaba have an excellent range of very helpful good quality Chinese sellers. We have been delighted with their service over the last ten years
Im not too familiar with it, but I feel comfortable going thru Alibaba to work with other nations.  It opens the door to options.
Material was shipped damaged.
No help form your people
To make you feel secure with transactions
n/a
Realice una compra de prendas textiles, pero el proveedor no realizo el envío correcto por lo cual nunca llegaron a mi dirección. El proveedor envió por UPS y esta empresa retiene las pendas y ahora no las puede enviar por ser prendas textiles. Estas pendas se debieron enviar por otro medio para que no se retuvieran por las autoridades.
lots of products and supplier
Very nice and big choice of item
Service is good and reliable
I have not received my items and every time I reach out to some one about my order, they say wait patiently. Nothis is updated and i still have not received it.
I did not receive what I ordered.  Most parts were correct, but not the correct quantity.  I have advised the parts were incorrect, and have not heard back.
Trade assurance can protect our payment against order
The improvements that have been made to the site and ordering process have really reassured me of the security in ordering from overseas.
Find what you need .
Servicio OK
Guaranteed assurance of products and a simple way to communicate among the vast resources on the site
Trade Assurance Service provide costumers more confidence and security.
More save money and solution to sent back to Chaina supliure, Have to something wrong
YOU HAVE POSITIVELY HARASSED US AND TO DATE NOT SENT OUR REFUND, NOR THE PRODUCTWE ARE WRITING ABOUT THIS CASE ON OUR VAST SOCIAL NETWORK
Product quality is good. Equipment quite robust.
service is good
Overall ok
I have already recommended alibaba to more than 10 people who use it
i recommend it
i would recoomeded to instill confidence
Safe
Very good and reliable service.
Your website is very difficult to use. I just lose details and contacts etc.. and then just give up searching and wasting my time trying to find everything. It is very user unfriendly. That is the main reason why I use other platforms to order.
Its wonderful .
I love it! I wish I could recommend this more, and have done to multiple peopleShipping cost is a MAJOR hit
good
Shipping or item price can be a little to high
The process is seamless and you are able to get live updates with the progress of the order
more option for shippments.The trader Insurance are not clean how the protect the buyer.
Shipping price high
...
I stayed in great commutation with my seller.
Great service, fast delivery, competitive pricing
mi producto nunca fue entregado
no need happy
tengo 3 pedidos y hasta hora no e podido recibir de parte de ups una respuesta seria de donde estan y cuando los entregan .......
still waiting on my refund
I assume that I didn't how it works
provides greater security and certainty of shipments
the trade assurance service gives a sense of security, so no reason not to recommend.
Because I have not received the product I purchased. I am not sure what is going on here. This is my first time placing an order through Alibaba and I have not received product and now it seems as if you all are trying to take my money.
correct and uncomplicated system. recommend
clear useful
Only if they were a competitor of ours
great variety, good pricing
Some items are hit or miss.
I won an escalated dispute and now being recharged!
Trade assurance
it diffical
safety and speed
THE COST OF THE SHIPPING is expencsive , a need some agency beacuse i pay more for shipping than the same product.
I felt security on the transaction.
Easy app to use, most sellers respond right away and work with you until youre happy.
POR QUE LOS ENVIOS SON MAS CAROS QUE LOS PRODUCTOS
Gives protection to the buyer
the wrong part was sent and i was not able to get a full refund the seller is untrustworthy and Alibaba seemed to support their suppliers over the buyer .
Quick reliable services. Good communications
Placed an order on January.  Received merchandise on March 12th
The distance between the countries (China and USA/Europe) makes it more risky to buy large-ticket items in the event there is something wrong with the orders. TAS removes that risk.
As a buyer you give confidence since sellers are not known.
Easy transactions and tracking.
Trade assurance is great, I think it should be available.
amazing delivery and service from suppliers
Total sham, got scammed with alibaba approval
Because the supplier do not ensure your order will come exactly and if theres any mistake by them they jus tell you, dont worry it will not happen again.
great site and good prices
I will not recommend your service as you do not protect your customers..
Provides peace of mind when importing products
Enjoy the service
Waiting too long for one of my orders
none.
price is good and fast  suplier answer/
dd
The negotiation aspect can be difficult.  It is expected, but when an item is listed for .01 cents and while negotiating the price jumps to $3.47 or from a notebook listed at .10 cents and then jumping to  over $3 then it makes it difficult.  Post should have prices closer to the real price.
great
Alibaba is one of the best and most comprehensive trade website.
i would recommend cause there are many manufacturers. the shipping tracking number helps a lot after order. i don't like that i always have to connect from the start after closing my computer...
There are tons of counterfits
d
Very Efficient
Can shop with peace of mind.
no reason at all
Because is the perfect intermediary that helps the relationship B2B
Best support and secured
very well
wrong invoice. customs problem
Trade assurance service is safe
cuz a escrow service makes sence
Many options
happy with service
I was not given enough time to evaluate the new product when I got a replacement. I felt pressured to close the case just because the product arrived.
well i really dont use it, but gives confidence to buy.
Secure for deal with the second party
My product came when they said and was beautiful with wonderfully quality
Japanese translate is not good.Recommendation is not good as Amazon.But I like it !
safe
the feeling that your money is safe in case of something bad happens
good in product presentation
Translation incorrect
very safe
at least extend orders due to coronavirus delays, otherwise what is even the point of trade assurance? all our orders have past the cut off point, none have been delivered. We ask one supplier to extend 15 days, and we also extended another 15 days. Still no where near enough. Shipment hasn't even received tracking information and all orders are past both extensions. Completely ridiculous. Can you please give options to extend shipping times further. And what are you going to do about our last several orders that are past due date, and we have received nothing since we are still working with suppliers to ship them?
German account allow low cost payment and transfer time is very fast. In total much faster and simpler as done by normal T/T.
there are many reasons one is the euro dollar exchange rate which is not updated in real time
safety, guarantee and speed
Excellent service. It is great and also great pricing.
I am still waiting on my orders to be shipped out most of them is past the agreed time to be shipped, and Im afraid I won't have my product by the grand opening date to my store
very easy, fast service
slow responding
Friendly service.
gurantee service and quality
mess up system and not good
Once the agreement is made, I feel that Trade Assurance Service keeps the deal sealed.
I takes the worry out of order custom things because the manufactures know that they have to abide.
Last year, I open Trade Assurance Order thinking that was the real protect our business operation against bad supplier; unfortunately, this supplier delivery the machine in bad conditions and when I open a dispute and after show full information pictures describing the problem and policy insurance determination..., alibaba dispute team close the dispute (after more than 60 days) and told me they can not do anything.Our lost was terrible, about 17,000 USD + ship cost + Mexico customs + inland transport and of course, a big problem with end customer
very good, but not tracking completed. thanks
Took a little while for email response, however I attribute this to coronavirus crisis so it is understandable.
The service is very good, The goods are very competitive, but the web is very complicated!!!
Simply put, trade assurance protects you from scammers.
It is really easy to use and make feel really secure to make payments
AAA service
So far it has been a smooth transaction platform, no issues. Very useful, and good to know that my order is protected.
It is not a real shock wave therapy as i was thinking, it goes mechanical way. But ok, for home use maybe useful
The products are broken... i can t use it
Its a good site to find a lot of stuff from suppliers worldwide
Great customer service and good product.
It was fast and well informed. Very good support. Thank you!
You guys are Awesome!! I will continue to buy from Alibaba!!
I RECOMMEND
It'd very nice and it shows some safety. Just had once problem with a delivery. It is quit difficult to return products to china for a refund. Therefore products are still defect and in inventory. Looking to solve problem with our supplier but it is quite difficult to get your money back or fix it. You have to be patience, kind and keep doing business with them. otherwise you'll lose the money definitely.
variedad de proveedores pero el envio es muy caro, eso no ayuda
Its very safe.
I recommend it because it makes me feel secured
Have never used it, hence cant comment on it. But i am not dissatisifed with at all. Trade assurance gives me a lot of confidence in doing business with chinese partners.
It protects both parties.
I ordered good in December and we are now in March and I have no information on where my products are.
LED track light  is very good
it's a good thing to have
I ordered from a seller on regular basis , one day seller told me he cant contine with my orders so i asked him to return my moulds as they were customized , he came back with an answer that he cant find and he has lost all  the moulds so i asked for the money which was $120 he wasn't returning the money either , and stopped replying back , he sent me low quality defected designs last time , that also seller wasn't accepting at all , i am in huge loss , i made several complaints and open disputes but  you support cheat sellers like him  i am very disappointed these are order numbers 1652353100102225418454495501022254161220980010222541352877000102225411120959001022254
everythig is ok , despite of situation with coronavirus. The time of delivery was longer than we expected, but the quality of goods is very good.
It's convenient and safe to me!
more confident in term of ordering product without visual inspection
i placed my order befor 2month and Till i m waiting for product delivery very slow service
the service is very good and with a focus to help you
its more safe to make deals with trade assurance service
It's easy to find articles, supplier are ok
Getting what you ask for is hard language barrier
excellent products
I was not assessed while I had trouble with a provider.  The provider didn't know how to ship the product well. The product was incomplete and yet I had to end up paying for the missing information.Alibaba helped 0 and closed the case. My money stayed in between and I needed a refund but they push me to pay to stay with a product I am not satisfied
Various product to find from
Piece of mind...secure transactions...ease of commerce
Trade insurance is good since it can protect all seller and buyer.
very thing went smoothly and no issues
I'm not sure that it is Alibaba's fault but finding suppliers who are what they say they are is very difficult. Most suppliers are great but you have to wade through a lot and talk to a lot of people.
Purchase quality security.
I haven't had one single problem since using this service,
i would recommend, but improve your payment system
will recommend.
Pleasant
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it works!
The freight charges are too high, delivery is slow. Trade Assurance keep sending emails that are not consistent with what is actually happening.
security
Long delays
i would recommed becuse is safe
Fast and Fresh
Lo recomendaria porque tienen buen servicio ademas que uno se queda tranquilo con la proteccion al envio y al dinero.
The company that with what I did business was súper profesional.
Difficulty in contacting needed people for refund.
no, all Fine
no me llego mi producto... ni me dieron referencias de la paqueteria
good
trades bad costumer services
I had claim that was so wrong and had a lot of evidence to prove it and it was rejected without review by Alibaba
Great service, quick replies, and trade assurance on top of that
Simple and safe...
Easy to use
No real protection of order. No service after order
The customer service was good as well as the product.
Good Products, Great Prices
Would recommend when dealing with a new company you are not familiar with
Good one
Easy to navigate. Simple to use.
i think the alibaba assurence is still a problem when the sending is taking longer time and the days of delivery is over the money is released to the seller.
Because it is always good for supplier and customer to know there is help available if anything goes wrong.
working with companies that you never saw or had fave to face contact is always a risk. this service help put your mind at ease and and proceed with confidence.
todo perfecto
For me it was a good experience of business, but I didn't have to use the trade assurance for the moment.
The shipping cost is too much to UK & NIGERIA
Only protected for 1 month since we received the goods, but we usually do bulk quantities . While protection period, we can't check the goods quality all
Till now I'm satisfied
It makes ordering from China completely sage and stress free
Very fast response.   Good supplier providing excellent services.  Very helpful and friendly supplier.
The product is better than our expectation.
Alibaba put in the proper protections and the suppliers respect and abide by these conditions.
/
Hi,Delivery charges are too high your are charging 12$ is product cost and delivery charge is 16$,And you are not even delivery is too late,Trade Assurance Service is good but you need to improve it as well,Thank you,Ajay
Not received my order till now i had paid all the amount
it's better with trade assurance service to protect the ordered product but just consider to the price, don't too expensive.
because is very safety
Not used , no comment
We need to pay more attention to checking sellers.Нужно больше уделять внимания проверке продавцов.
Great source of products
The Old method of allowing a seller to directly send an invoice to your e-mail was much easier.  Things could go more smooth and alibaba still was covering everything.  I wish suppliers had to put WAY MORE details into their orders if things are going to be this strict anyway.  It could raise the level of QUALITY sellers that are out there.
Whenever I ask for help you do nothing. Always a good excuse. The seller promised to reimburse the items sent by mistake, it was an employee in the chat service who told me to go see you and still you do nothing to protect the buyers. Can you tell me why you let your customers get scammed? Your service is bad. I have no problem on Amazon and eBay, efficient and respectful service and problem solving. Too bad. Besides, you never respond to messages, never.
I had a dispute last year about a lithium battery that wasnt' satisfactory solved. The buyer even laugh at me, and the alibaba agent in charge of the case wasn't techinical enough to understand my  evidence.
piece of mind
Easy searching market, as long as the supplier is reliable
i don't lose money when the supplier doesn't complete the orders
The messaging system is difficult to use when adding a 2nd line to separate a paragraph. Also, when creating an order and adding products this is also not user friendly and difficult to complete.
EASY, FAST
Good service
I have only completed one transaction and I have one pending, both have been very smooth.
Great services!
I do
All ok .
just lots of different options
Sometimes delay in payment confirmation.
Suppliers don't necessarily deliver within the trade assurance. And in the past I have not received refunds when shipment and delivery did not happen within the promised timelines
I'm a beginner in the business and  the suppliers seems serious
I would not recommend trade assurance at this time because the Vendors you have listed keep attempting to change the agreement.  For example Ive been speaking with a Mrs. Elleyan Ho from Pujiang Minghuang Crystal Co., Ltd. and she keeps changing our agreement to upsell an inexpensive product.  I have already spoken to many crystal manufacturers in china and Im disappointed with their performance and may have to leave alibaba and look into different countries to source my products.
can not post multiple different pictures to the messages at one time, there is a glich. PDF and other files do not load in messaging well. many file types do not load at all. These bugs constant now.
Great products and service
Just did it once and need more experience before i say good or bad.
i would always recommend
Very satisfied with the platform and will continu to do business
i purchased faulty goods on Alibaba website with trade assurance. The goods tends out to be faulty and i was asked to pay for return postage and the seller refused to refund because the products arrived damaged in transit the seller specified.
happy
Simple
It is very hard to apply for refund and Chinese people take only their Sellers side. People handle the complaint  try their best to help the Chinese sellers. This service must be given to Independent 3 rd party not Chines worker to handle.Also Sellers have now learn how to manipulate the system. They do not confirm payment after they receive money and Alibaba send e mails to us  please ask your seller to confirm the payment !!
No refund policy
Easy to find suppliers, and save costs.
Peace of mind
Communication difficulties with the sellers.
Have issues with order now. Hope it will be resolved well
I WOULD RECOMMEND TRADE ASSURANCE TO PROTECT YOUR PURCHASE
Would recommend to build up trust for the customer to make their first purchase with a new supplier.
alibaba did not assist at all with my last transaction
None
Lots of counterfeit items and copy cats. We have had our product designs being copied by Chinese manufacturers and Alibaba is not doing much to protect us as a customer.
I made two orders that were closed automatically by alibaba for no reason
So far, so good, as long as supplier follows through with getting the missing information required for actual use of the MCD-5000B Metal Detector just purchased. The English version of this Manual sent with unit only mentions the different items BUT seriously lacking information on setting and use of 19 plus select-able required functions which have between two to ten or more sub functions.  This is a complicated unit that does require large number of different select-able functions that have to be explained in operation in order to SETUP and use this unit as designed according to ground conditions...
I like the protection in knowing that my payment is kept by Alibaba until I like receive my order and verify it is delivered and accepted to my satisfaction before paying the vendor.  It helps take the uncertainty of ordering from a  foreign country and receiving goods in a satisfactory and acceptable manner.
Deposits
It's very easy and safe to use
xf
très satisfait du déroulement de mes commandes
some suppliers are not replying
good
due to corona fenomina i get my order slight delay but product quality is good
I can feel so safe with this service.Without this service maybe I needed much more time to decide for big amount order.I can watch the process visually so I don't have to waste much time for search where is my parcel.I'm so satisfied this service, I should have know earlier I felt.
Trade assurance does not protect us at all. We have to wait for the supplier to agree? when they have sent us defective goods. This is no way an assurance against scam suppliers.
safety, fast.
Chinese style
Excellent traders highly recommended to all international buyers.
It provides protection to buyers
The safety of the payment with the possibility to control the payment process.
SAFETY
When theres a problem it takes too long and no one to call to totally explain.
I have placed an order since the 19th of February and up to now I can't even track it. I having difficulty contacting the supplier. I've sent messages after messages but in vain
It make me feel safe to do business with someone at thousands of km from myself.
it's been good so far.  Some need to work on understanding English better.  Over all it has been good.
very good
I would recommend because this is one place for all your needs. The application is user friendly and easy to contact manufacturers. I also hear back from almost every manufacturer I contact, which is amazing!
TENGO UN RECLAMO PENDIENTE DE UNOS TONERS Q NUNCA ME LLEGARON ES ESPERA
Good, safe!
Not now
the quality of product, it is hit and miss, some product is good but some not, but if the product is not good you can not return it so it is total lost.
Smooth process.
Gives me peace of mind that I can trust the business on the other end of the transaction.
I would recommend Trade assurance service becasue it lowers the risk of vendor mismanagement.
Suppliers are great to work with and they care.
Still in progress.
buen servicio
good
I'm still new to this and do not have enough transactions to feel comfortable with a 10/10
I would recommend it because it gives me the reassurance of making purchases.
First time use, the order was marked complete before I had received the sample through the post, not ideal
Because you did not provide me the flexibility to change the account data and that to show up on the invoice I get from the system.
very good
I would recommend it because it is a very reliable service.
I cant use my acount. Accound unavilable - i can not login from the app. Messages are not showing to me.
I made an OEM item with the supplier, They sent me the bad quality products It's not the same quality as the sample. I did the dispute progress, It took 4 months and I did not do the right progress. I'm totally disappointed with Trade Assurance Service and I don't want to make the big deal with Alibaba supplier anymore.
you site is very confusing
very painful
OK
Products that we bought on Alibaba site are legit and seller is very accommodating.AWESOME!!!
NA
safe and fast
So far the service is fantastic!
very honest and transparent
There are vendors who do not reply and there are vendors who only want your money and they send you poor quality items, even after they send you a nice sample.
No veo el caso
I would recommend the service because it is trustworthy that the products arrive at their destination but at the same time there are additional shipping charges that they do not tell you
great tools and reliable supply of product ordered ie gives sense of security for payment made
I bougth a glitter paper everything was fine
if the suppler underderliverd you could get your money back
No comment
Good Communication
feels more safe
This is a great service that allows me to connect to multiple manufacturers and distributors. The communication is also good. The only problem is that it takes a long time to receive items. It probably has to do with the COVID-19, so I hope that it will improve in the future. Thank your for this service.
got bad experience says order complete, and i got charge my credit card and i have no way of getting my money back, and i don't get the product.
Site is easy to use.
Is OK
i really didnt see any help i got, or understand why i needed it
Buying from overseas is hard to do because of financial exposure. Trade Assurance helps relieve some of the fear
Good communication, speed, good service, they always answered all my questions and doubts
Some company directly to they company
If I recommend it because it gives guarantee and fidelity both in the monitoring of the product and the factory.
No
thanks
It seems OK, but to be honest, I can only really judge this assurance when a problem comes up and this service fixes the problem.
As an FBA seller, 30 day guarantee would be not enough because we will not be able to check all of the products until they get purchased. It generally takes 90 days before majority of the products get sold.
kugl?no
high commissions
I would recommend due to the ease of transaction...And would NOT if some sellers are falsely advertising their products like the telescope i purchased. Their image included celphone holder. I ended up buying separately and they did not even cover any charges. POOR experience
We ordered 1000 pieces of eyes mask, we just received 100 pieces and we are waiting for the missed products since december 2019.We would like to receive the goods ASAP. What could you make for us?
good service
ok
Thanks
Good
sides with the supplier way too often and doesn't even investigate.. also credit cards never work..
Very good sites and has it all to shop for.
I like is perfect
i had a problem and they handled it very fast and fairly
Because the Alibaba Adjudication officers always take side with bad suppliers against us the buyer. Several times we received bad products and reported , we  were denied claims . Very bad for your customer
I never said I wouldn't
Pricing conditions have been offered by suppliers makes us very confused.  Different format, culture, Incoterms.  Some suppliers offered / changed conditions even though our negotiations had been completed.  Overall, awarded supplier was very business friendly.  It means that it is hard to find most appropriate supplier out of Non friendly / reasonable / honest suppliers.
one stop service..but shipping  cost is somewhat high.. i need one packing shipping service to save shipping cost.
Trade assurance works fine
Trade Assurance is basically insurance for the products purchased. If anything happens from the time of purchase to the time it reaches its destination there is protection for the product.
It’s Provides multiple ways to pay en it ensures a good transaction.
Shipping takes too long
The padlock I bought was very cool. The sales team was sweet and very attentive. Service was quick. Delivery was super quick.So happy with Alibaba
Because I receiveda tricone bits with very bad quaility, so is neccesary to check more the quality of the tools of the providers before to sent to customer.
The supplier was polite and easy to communicate with.
i couldn't get any customer service as i needed help trying to find the right pump.  I couldn't find it.  then I purchased two of the same 12v pumps and I was shipped a 6v and a 12v pump.
I would recommend them because they sorted a major problem with a supplier out for me.
it is safe.good service
i dont know
hassle free
very easy to use and the sellers are also easy to work with and they work with you.
can you gether the store that have good response rate?sometime I gave inquiry they say nothing.o
No
I have not found the web site to not be very user friendly
ive had great feed back and connectivity with good honest people so far on my aliB journey
no comment
Excellent Service, product was very well presented and looks great.
The reason is because you need a lot of experience managing this platform to find good supplier, not everyone are trustable. And if there is a problem you feel you are alone, because you put a case and you have to wait that somebody answer you but any body call you. Nothing! so I think that is very important.
AWFUL
NIL
I love how some sellers are very fast with communication
protect from any scam
its good quality with reasoble price
The only point to improve is the cost to Latin America, shipments to US are really cheap, but shipments to Latin America are higer than the cost of the product. When you need to receive a sample is chiper to buy it in US than China
Make the buyer feel safer from fraudulent activity.
there are not that many platform that offer this kind of service and Trade assurance give some peace of mind if things go wrong.
Fast, convenient
amazing
Hard to stop unwanted mail to stop. hard to navigate
Very simple to make Purchases.
It worked just as advertised.
Perfect
Trade Assurance is good
un vendedor me quedo mal y aun sigo esperando mi reembolso
its shit and dose not not help you resolve your problems just rely's on the sellers word to do anything about it
I had ONE very unpleasant encounter with Shanghai Butterflies Crafts Co in regards to damaged items I received. They were going to send me replacement products but I was going to have to pay for the tax. I said that I should not be paying for anything extra since the item was damaged. They said the damage was from the delivery but it definitely does not look like delivery damage - product production damage. The sales manager was rude, sarcastic and aggressive. She said that "Hope you also support us a little" and then throughout the conversation then said "I don't want to talk". Can you please open up the order for my review. I want to be honest before other people place orders about the product and service they are receiving.
none
Some of the suppliers have been untrustworthy
#NAME?
I love this site
Price, Availability, and customer communication
I think this offers great comfort and security for buyers
not a reason
Its great because I know that I am covered
Works well. Messaging service can sometimes be confusing.
it seems like as a buyer. you have to risk alot just to make a simple purchase. i would think that alibaba would only have those businesses that stand up to their word. if they want to sell on alibaba then these are the rules. instead alibaba puts too much power in their hands. they wouldnt be reaching me here in the us if it wasnt for this site. there business is directly affected by their product and the whole experience of the purchase.  for exampe. i had to wait almost 3 months to recieve a product i purchased for around $400.00 bucks. i still havent recieved my other 2 purchases i made the same day. way back in december. ive learned about the whoe new year thing. but come on u cant just put a package in a truck. my first experience with this site was not what i expected. i thought they were more professional than that. now i have t worry about if i just gave my money to a corrupt business that alibaba allowed on their website. thats all im getting at. you gotta keep them trying to please you.  the host of the web site ALIBABA, the biggest supplier of suppliers in the world, website that connects countries together. theres alot more to this than i think some can imagine
There is no assurance, i put a deposit on a product and didn't get the sample.  Because it took longer than expected, the system assumed over time that things were complete.  This is the biggest problem.  The buyer should be the one to complete the transaction not time
This is the number one place on the internet to connect with people all over the world to accomplish a goal, and to see a dream come true.
i highly recommended it.
So far It's been helpful and professional.
Prices are very good and very helpful and friendly
My order is secured
they don't trust you, they don't look at the evidence, they make you pay for return shipping whilst they supplier made an error.
Trade Assurance is the ONLY reason I use Alibaba. Every single item offered outside of Trade Assurance is a scam and a thief trying to divert customers to their shady schemes. No Trade Assurance, no business from me.
more protection
it's secure
It is a great layer of confidence when trying new suppliers.  Both sides need to get comfortable with each other.
Safety
Suppliers are not Reliable in General. Only few people takes it serious.
variety of products, the orders are delivered timely.... one stop shop that is amazing
is reliable
This good. Easy to get many contacts.
Make it safe to buy from alibaba
hilla
none
everyone knows my orders and my information and i do not like the lock of privacy.right away it post my purchases and every competiton goes for it as well creating a product that is not valuable anymore if everyone is selling exact same thing as well.No privacy, messages get delays too.The WORST I paid for some jewelry that said " it was SWAROVSKI"  right after everytihng was paid the information was changed from the vendors.  The first time i blame myself so i thought i misunderstood something.  The second time was a different vender and the exact same thing happened again that the change the description and the name online.  If i would haven't notice this discrepancies would got me in big trouble advertising a product that was not original.  The USA laws are very tuff and they would closed my store down if they feel like i violated anything.
Love It.
Very Good Service
ok
I would recommend trade assurance as it gives
Fair guarantee for items ordered.
So far everything has gone great.
Because I like it
very happy
i found a good suplayer
low risk
Product never recieved
great platform to use. just wish it was easier to really talk with suppliers
Security.
Communication still difficult and suppliers are proven that even they are sugested as a qulified supplier by Alibaba, they are not really who they are. So it's difficult to have good and real business.The desing it's not user friendly and even suppliers just copy pictures from others in order to have some detailed information about the goods. Maybe it's langugage.Also the communication system with the suppliers very often are difficult to read and worse from a mobile phone, I always need a PC to use it and improve my work.
I recommend it because the biggest risk is that money goes in to China and no product comes out. The only way to mitigate that threat is to have funds held in escrow or guarantee the purchase with something like trade assurance.  The opportunity for volume here is immense. But the integrity of the transactions has to be protected as the number one priority. This is what allows buyers to trust that they will either get their products, or their money back. This also allows legitimate sellers to establish long term customers and sell higher volume to long term customers, and random customers as well, becasue the platform itself is trusted.
fast friendly service great prices professional lots of stock
I have had no problems probably because Alibaba is involved.
Your platform is not friendly.Very difficult to obtain info about shipping and refunds.
All was running fine
What I ordered gets here as promised.
for more security in transactions
for more security in transactions
for more security in transactions
for more security in transactions
the main issue in Trade assurance is the number of payments are restricted to 2 only , it should be increased from that and the credit card payment service charges should be made fixed like 40 usd per transaction like TT , which is currently based on percentage of transaction amount which is not good and a big hurdle in real time purchasing.
When the seller guaranteed the quality of their products, but it was not the case
No es seguro comprar en esta pagina, no me veo protegido como comprador.
Hi,The cost of insurance should be split between the buyer and suplier.
It seems like a good plan, but I have not had enough experience with it yet.
The constant mobile authentication is annoying
Few years back, i lost money during trade with China supplier, money was small but it hurt me at that time. Trade assurance gives me satisfaction that i will not loose my money again. Weldon Alibaba.
GREAT SERVICE
Ali closed our dispute out of no reason. Seams they prefer chinese people.
high conversion rate/ expensive transaction fees
Easy, convenient, high efficient
I have not received the entire order I was charged for, I was lied that it will be sent after the new year, it has been a month and all my emails and contact forms have been ignored. The fact that alibaba has as a gold supplier a company that does this, show show unreliable it is and how it is okay promoting partners that just steal money from clients. I want the rest of my order or my money back.
Its a safe payment method. Alibaba helps if there is a dispute or problems wit the seller.
Good work
It is very secure and guaranteed to leave you satisfied with the service and product(s) received.
No reason
Function of the trade assurance order is not transparent.
It is a very good service
nice
It's a great service that businesses can trust.
So far very safe for trading
The transactions are fast, you can see the order tracking until it reaches the delivery site, the most important one is protected by Alibaba, although all the sellers that I have had have been very serious companies
Rather hard to avoid dishonest suppliers
It gives peace of mind to the buyer is they have never purchased from Alibaba before.
Majority of our experience with seller's is that they do not care about providing quality service, instead only care to close orders. Even when mistakes are acknowledged, compensation is horrible.  When it's time to make a claim for an order gone wrong, it is extremely difficult and lengthy process for buyers to get their refund/compensation. It is clear Alibaba did this on purpose to avoid buyers making claims. This is not a good way to go about the situation. The chat feature, create order page,  and website overall have many glitches and aren't as user friendly as they could be for westerners.
Convenience and Safety
have not needed to use orders are arriving on time
Our product arrived within a timely manner. We appreciate the help, thank you.
I recommend
good
My experience has been great. Have I had a few not so good one sure but we all have no5 do good day. However my sales rep was WONDERFUL!  He was very patient with me and walked me through anything I didn’t understand.
Payment secured fast and easy
Good knowledge and polite workers
Recommend Trade Assurance Service
its good
ok
happy with the service received
i can only say, excellent
I just recieved the my shipment the other day, but today Alibaba has marked my order "complete"There are many issues with the order, I am currently disputing with the manufacture, but Alibaba has unfrozen the funds.  You should send an email first saying "Your order is about to auto complete" so that we can extend it.  Trade assurance was the only reason I wanted to use Alibaba, and it's not a good system apparently.
I would recommend
The period of guarantee is so short. 30 Days. Depending on the nature of the product, the sale/fault may not become apparent till after 30 days.
Good service
Worked great
i would 100% recommend, because is simple to useand very reliable
I have not used it yet..
I need download website, and product code,
Trade Assurance gave me confidence as how my transaction and package is handled
Because the service is good
It works well
good sevice
very safe , and very fast
Very bad buyer protection!You have many loopholes for sellers to scam buyers! Will be using PayPal again!
It gives the buyer assurance
bon
good prices from the saource
You ALIBABA are good :-). Stay the same way of a quality job has to be done.
Professional, organised
I like
Security
I like the peace of mind that Trade Assurance gives me and my business.  I wouldn't purchase anything without it.
Seems to work well
It is always better to have safe online transactions. Thank you
It is highly organized and helpful, and productive in volume and assistance.  I am having some trouble with some screens formatting so I can't scroll (tried different browsers) so can't follow what is happening.  Response time is very fast, sometimes frantic or frenetic, but I appreciate action.  I have gotten some orders email that isn't clear where it's from or how it was generated, and have had to cancel due to lack of backup data.  Frustrating.  I can't pay out money to an unclear vendor if it's possibly a security breach and I have no record of negotiating a deal.
Sellers dont know what it is
I didn't get a notification to let me know that the thirty days was about to expire after which it would be assumed that I received the goods from the shipper.
Good prices and communication
I had placed a Trade order through Trade Assurance.  Because of the Corona Virus, the item production did not start for a prolonged period in time, and then was cancelled due to the increase in production and shipping costs.  Trade Assurance auto
I have not had any trade assurance issues and the system seems very secure.
no
Easy to use
mala logistica
in mi first order in PUERTO RICO I do not have any Trouble or Problem.
Alibaba is the only reliable E 2 E in the world and has no rival in terms of performance.
You always take the supplier side. Risky purchasing from Alibaba
quick communication, protections for the buyer
I have cancelled my order (order number: 28321555501025381) amount USD 32.30 that is purchased with Yiwu Co-Best Technologies Co., Ltd. with Catherine Xuand transaction number 12160401203200129069624235324 on 29 Jan 2020.I have contacted them and they have agree to give me a refund, the case number is 1005578556 and it is created on 20 Feb 2020, the status is indicated as case complete, and I have received an email saying the Trade Assurance had been cancelled, but I haven't receive my refund until today (7 mar 2020).Please help
i recomended
everything is safe and easy
i feel secured on my online purchases. thank you trade assurance service.
It does not seem to be enforced. Obvious breaches of the trade agreement are appealed and causes the buyer more expense and lost of funds and delay or loss of goods. Sellers are advantaged over buyers
Seems professional, secured, and easy to use. I have no problems so far understanding what to do to process my order.
Good product
IT TAKES FOREVER
-
I was cancelling Order Number: 27904835501022954 several times. The cancellation was not accepted. Now I received the Welder March 5/2020. The welder is not in working condition. The Lotos product supplier in the USA is not providing service to Canada. What can be done? The supplier was notified by email. I'm willing to ship the welder back to China at suppliers expense. If no satisfying solution is available I ask for full refund of purchase price plus cost of shipping to Canada.
Alibaba has sellers that misrepresent products and services and when reported there is no action taken against the sellers.
The products I bought were not as advertised based on my discussions with the seller and were unusable.  Chinese sellers have subsidized postage to the US, but US buyers do not have a discount returning a package.  To return my purchase would have cost more than the purchase itself, which penalized me even further, so while the seller gets their product out and a minimal fee for postage, I would have no product and a severe penalty for returning the product, which is why I gave up and didn't try to arrange a return or dispute.
it is important for the conclusion of the contract thus the good behavior of the buyer and the seller is assured
super, alles functioniren sehr gud
I have paid the shipping to the Chinese company, and they did not pay the cargo company, when the goods arrived I had to pay again.
of the few orders I have been able to place only the two first on I was allow to use the credit card after that for a reason that no one can tell I have been force to do wire transfer which cost me more plus force me to go to the bank instead of doing everything within Alibaba; I contacted my Credit Card service and they said there has not even been an attempt by Alibaba to charge the card and when contact Alibaba they can nerve tell me the reason for not being able to use my credit cards
No
very prompt and accurate service.
I want further protection when placing orders
no comments
the interface is not very intuitive
Because it can rise the cost of the transaction. Is it still something I have to pay for?
i think its a good service so i would recommend
Payment by credit card was simple.
el servicio es muy bueno...
The team with Alibaba is absolutely wonderful to work with and affords us the protection that is unfortunately sometimes needed when doing business with new suppliers.  Thank you!
no reason
because I don't want people to know how I get in contact with suppliers and how I cretics products.
Because is safe
easy & safe
Cool
I haven't really experienced it
is not good site to buyer only to the seller went you have problem wich the order any want responded
I HAVE BEEN HAVING AND EXTREMELY HARD TIME MAKING PAYENTS FOR MY ORDERS
For my confidence
I did not need so far to use the trade assurance. Therefore I can not say anything about it.
Safer.
RecommendBe able to do Trusty Fast Transaction
no reason
I HAD A SITUATION WHERE THE SUPPLIER CHEATED ME AND I WAS NOT ABLE TO GET THE FULL REFUND BACK DESPITE TRADE ASSURANCE PAID.
my order was delayed for a very long time.
highly recommended...
The trade assurance gives a peace of mind to the buyers
it takes a lot of the product and a lot tax something here and more economical.
I would recommend Trade Assurance, as it gives the buyer a large degree of protection from non delivery, wrong or defective goods
I have often recommended Alibaba to other businesses.
because Alibaba is protecting my money.
Its reliable
It?s an easy and secure wat to manage and complete a transaction.
Your on time
Because My product didn't work , instead to refund as promised by trade assurance service. You guys want to ask me to talk with supplier ( supplier is not ready to refund and are blaming me )
easy in working through trade assurance
It's as simple as sadly, sometimes there are people out there who take money from people without providing a service.I don't have the resources to make these people give me my money back if they don't provide the service I have paid for. Alibaba will take that task on for me.It means I can deal with overseas companies without having to be a huge company myself.It means I can now add more goods and services to my business for my customers.
It was a very safe option.  Since business transactions are overseas this provides peace of mind.
great service some supplier are a little slow on delivery
Items are not as they are listed
Its a great way to find products
I prefer to be protected against fraud.
easy to use and good overview
I want a guarantee of a fair transaction with the seller
there has the be an easier way to place order and save them if you are not done
Very secure incase you ge crafty sellers out to swindle you
I trusted Alibaba assurance that it enforces the suppliers to be hines and keep their promises.Already on two orders I have defective products. I in a strong need for a repair or a financial compensation to repair the computers in USA.One supplier is simply not responding to my messages :Xuzhou Venoen Technology Co., Ltd.The other supplier, Shenzhen Fengnian Electronic Technologies, after 30 days of daily messages, said that they fix it, but I would need to pay for the shipment from USA to China and back.
Prices are great! Easy to fine what I need.
Has accommodating customer service and a wide variety of merchandise options.
yes, because you known the terms and condition for wichever transaction
I had serious issues with my first significant order of lithium battery cells, and Alibaba Trade Assurance took the side of the vendor, despite my having provided substantial evidence that I had not received 'as described' product with performance demonstrably below what the seller had stated.  Whenever I speak to anyone about buying products on Alibaba, I urge great caution, and usually suggest they focus their efforts on a U.S. supplier unless they can afford unredressed mistakes or fraudulent sellers' claims.
Customer Assurance
-
Over all its great, just increase the time, it needs more than 15. days for goods to reach us, please increase protection to a month.
Best price, but takes a long time to receive goods
The supplier does not communicate at all unless i have to enquire how far with the products
Easy, safe, convenient, but expansive
good
Great
"No.	Product Name	Product Description and Specifications	Product SKU	Quantity	Unit	Unit Price	Contract Sum1	Original and New Sealed mate 30 Pro 6GB Ram 128GB 2SIM 4G Unlocked Mobile Phone		Color:Black,Storage Capacity:AU plug 6GB+128GB,Bundle:Bundle3	2.00	Units	USD 84.00	USD 168.00 Discount (if any):	 USD 0.00	Shipping Fee:	USD 31.00  	 Total Amount：	USD 199.00       I PAY FOR 2 AND RECIVE ONLY 1."
secure fast and easy
reliable
The assurance provided by AliExpress has not always been a good experience for me.
Mediation process can take some time. Also, there is no 'special service' for large orders placed on alibaba, for example large volume buyers to have a dedicated agent.
Provides peace of mind while conducting business with foreign nations
Good
All the prices increase with custom taxes, and the delay is huge sometimes
it was user-friendly but i didnt seem to get PI until i asked, it would be helpful if trade assurance issued one
Did not receive products or my refund
It's safe
For protection
The system was updated on time, the new massage wasn't loaded on time.  After I have changed the currency, it didn't show the chosen currency.
Ok
So far no issues
I  would recommend Trade Assurance Service because I know that Alibaba is behind the transaction from the beginning to the end!
Makes me feel safe and has been, so far, reliable.
No
Great
super smooth transactions
Knowing the supplier may cause it to stop selling even if sold, and the buyer may purchase from the supplier
I am not sure what I received. I have not been able to get a satisfactory response from manufacturer. Product came without any paperwork or verification of what I was sent.
I feel like I don't get much support from Alibaba.
its safe
The protection to customers practically doest run. The really that have sure is the seller, seller can modify everything when he or her want. Is really convenience to sellers. The protection in case of guaratee doesnt run, it depends of seller but this is some that the alibaba platform cant ontrol, but it could be.
I dislike being charged in US currency
It ensures a better level of protection for all parties.
I ordered an inverter of 4kw with inbuilt mppt 50a but the seller sent me a 4kw with 40a mppt inbuilt and I received it damaged internally as if the heavy transformer was not held firm or pulled out of it bolt, complained to seller and she ignored me for days until I initiated dispute and the seller contacted me to say it's the courier service fault "they damaged it".
Worked great.
So far I am pleased but I am still a new user. I have not used enough to complete my opinion.
Helpful and kind interlocutors.
it's faster and secure
Very quick, easy and secure.
Not really
I bought on trust and everything was ok when items arrived. I just hope that future transactions go as smoothlyMark
made the transaction easy and safe
I would highly recommend trade assurance. It protects the money paid and ensures you get a refund if you do not get products.
I did not receive support at some point in my previous commercial transaction, i had to pay too much for one service
It is a very easy service to use.
Puts me in touch with sellers that other wise would be hard to reach.
I've generally found the suppliers incredibly responsive and helpful. Language can be a problem at times, and the Alibaba site often has problems synchronising events across website areas (notification and message events don't always clear down when one or the other of the areas is viewed).
we are very happy about your service and reply.
didnt need it
Some suppliers are very unprofessional. I received an order with incorrect sizing, no tags, and some had stains on them. The supplier has not tried to fix any of the order. I was very disappointed to have received such bad service from this supplier on alibaba.
Trade assurance service does not seem to take into account delays in delivery and manufacturing process. Buyer has to file a dispute to have the coverage extended, which I'm not sure is desireable.
Because you guys always side with supplier no matter what.
feeling warm
it is safe and has contract
Works perfectly for a reasonable price.
Products prices are good. Quality is great and customer service is fantastic
Trade Assurance put clients on their toes .They are forced to meet standards strictly.Kudos Alibaba
Quality Service
It's better to provide financial support!
i have found the service to be very reliable and communication is excellent
safety guarantee
nice service and stable
good job
Make my payment safe and my good protect to avoid any bad issue.
it is very safe for us
Gives security
Best customer service and guarantee
Huge range of goods, quick response of sellers, you can easily find what you want
very good
I recommend it because it feels safe to order.
helps buyers trust the seller.
I recommend Trade Assurance Service because it makes the payments secure.
Yes, good
No reason
I was able to get my refund quickly
satisfied I would recommend
n/a
Good communication, fast service time, fast shipping time
alibaba allows manufactures to advertise many times and with conflicting prices ....the price should be posted and if it is by order size then post quantity ranges with price. it is very discouraging to deal with many people who are playing games with the price.. i have placed orders and most are good the orders with electronics the others quality was not so good.but because advertisements are so many you end up contacting the same suppler and its a problem
I have limited experience with Trade Assurance
very good experience
My product was manufactured well and shipped promptly and received in good condition.
It gives much safety.
Great Service
no complains
Because it gives the buyer peace of mind
I have placed an order back in Oct 29 2019 and I still haven't received the packages. I've contacted the supplier and contact customer service and its still not settle yet. The customers service actually provide better service the the dispute team. First thing is they don't want to resolve and help to settle the issue until customer kept contacting customer serivce.This Case number is 1005541382order number is 21567858501022237Customer been following up and invested more human resources (that aren't necessary) to assist delivery process to cover the mistake that supplier made.The case was created in January 29,2020 and it's still not resolve.
I work in purchasing, so look for suppliers everyday, Trade Assurance is the only  thing that makes me feel secure about the purchasing i'm making for my company, therefore my job is secured as well.
yes
One item I ordered took almost two months just to ship and now will take another month to arrive. No reply back from asking the seller what the delay was.Another item I ordered arrived without the seller specifying that the monitor cable adapter can only work in one direction. A dispute was started with evidence uploaded to show how it does not work and even though the seller did not give specifics to prevent a buyer from thinking the cable works in two directions, I still have to fight for a refund. Instructions for uploading a video were in terrible English.Terrible shipping, terrible service. I will not put myself through this hassle again.
Very safe
I would
Trustworthy service.
lo recomiendo por que es seguro, sin embargo hay quienes no responden, aparte ofertan cantidades desorbitantes
Just waiting for delivery.
Large range of products and suppliers. Communication with sellers has been great.
assurity, safe online and long distance ordering
low speed delivery
great service
*****AVOID AVOID AVOID******THESE GUYS ARE SCAMMERS AND WONT SHIP YOUR ITEM OUT!!!!****AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID*****
I would because they communicate with you they make sure your order is correct and it comes within two to three days I highly recommend this company.
Very reliable service that works well for both buyers and suppliers.
i had a case witch the supplier promise the electrical device had certin cetificate witch he didnt have and now i cant sale the device
These guys give me good machine, good service and they aalways online and ready for help.
N/A
There is secure payment for this platform and for that reason, I can recommend other users
Very good information all the time
I am very dissatisfied, as the customer is vulnerable to malicious sellers and the platform is not on the customer's side, only on the seller's side.
I would recommend some of the suppliers i deal with but others i would advice them to stay away from as i have found many of them are very pushy in their sales approach which makes me never want to deal with them.  There are only a small few companies that i like to do business with as only a few aren't aggressive sales people
You are straight and punctual.
Trade Assurance service is very helpful and makes your business and procurement in safe environment.
i prefer l/c over trade assurance because it cost less and alibaba should provide buyers a cost effective payment solution.
good and safe
reliable, safe, good quality
i would like to visit the site for latest product update in global marketNot visiting at time given information of MQO and price is wrong  when start buying the product total invoice changes
It would be very secure when you deal with a strange supplier.
i could not complete payment
Great service and good products
It works good
It's a very good medium to connect with manufactures. I appreciate your service.
no
Your website is horrible, does not allow to upload evidence, and your trade assurance staff does not respond to the questions, only making suggestions which do not work.
fast and safe
It gives us the safe trade and fair trade for the both seller and buyer.  good system
i filed a dispute about a seller and it took TA more than 2 month to do NOTHING and at the end take his side and I lost my money and my cargo.
very reliable, comforting knowing your gonna get your product
Confidence during shipping delays
you guys are great
It is nice to have a guarantee that the items will arrive and in the promised condition.
The shopping page should be more friendly and intuitive, put the prices, minimum quantity, shipping costs, etc. They should order more the page, something similar to aliexpress.Redactar un pedido es complicado y peor aún el esperar que el proveedor responda los mensajes, creo que tendrian mas ventas si mejoran la opciones de eleccion para hacer el pedido, por ejemplo: si colocan todos los datos el cliente puede escoger e incluso comprar inmediatamente, muchas veces yo desistí de mi compra porque no me respondieron el chat los proveedores y pasando 2 semanas recien respondieron y para ese tiempo ya ya había invertido mi dinero en otra cosa.
I would not never recommend to someone trust buying something for a lot of money without having the Trade Assurance Service. I am happy that Alibaba offer these Service, even if i was not need it in fact, i feel sure about my deals especially with new Partners.
For security
everything works as it should be really liked alot
It protects the vendors and builds trust.
It s easy.
It depends on how product and if it's time sensitive?
I bought an item for $10, then the supplier tried to charge me $27 to ship it! Crazy.
places buyers at ease for future shipping and protection against fraudulent sellers.
I'm not entirely satisfied with the services rendered because I still can't figure out all the features to be able to take advantage of all the services available but I will recommend to someone.
I am not satisfied, I am trying to contact you, your customer support no for India is getting bard, How can I contact. I havent receive my product. Please provide me your customer care number.
I am satisfied
un sentiment de sécurité
After the supplier delivered faulty products that didn't meet the agreed upon standards and refused to substitute the faulty products, we created a dispute. However, the trade assurance agent told us she could only give us a 50% refund. So in the end we ended up without any product we could use and were scammed of 50% of the order value.
CORONAVIRUS
Im very happy with everythimg that is happening
I often don't get responses.
auto confirmation to deliver money to seller.
Huge listing of vendors from all category.
Here all the requirements for the protection of the seller are met, but in no way the buyer!This is a complete deception!
I have not received an order i made in 18 and 20 January. The delivery days were 15-35 days. It has been more than 35 days and i have not received my order. The seller is not helping me inquire about the parcel and i have not been assisted by Alibaba
Just Useless Charges, The Service is same as Before the Trade Assurance and After Trade Assure also. The only Thing Changed was there is Useless Charges
Because is fast and trustworthy
Very very nice
Some of my orders have never arrived.  Where are they?  How do I find out?
Business security.
It keeps my money safe and I can buy staff without worrying. It's great
This is extremely late service... i would like to inform to everyone that not to use this bullshit website
absolutely the best servie ever experienced.
fast service
fast and accurate response
The trade assurance is fine but considering the size of Ali Baba, the platform is extremely difficult to navigate and is not very user friendly from the APP and web page - it does not communicate well. I am happy to suggest some ideas to help as I own a digital agency that works on systems of this nature.
Please improve your Japanese.
Like service, but shipping cost and turn around can be high.
I paid but, I do not recommend the Production Monitoring Service from Alibaba. It caused delays and blocked 2 days of delivery. I had to cancel this service.
Important in establishing strong trade relations
it is not working at all
N/A
I would recommend because they have great customer service. They are very pleasing with orders and fast shipping in my opinion.
good price
Looks like a dependable option, but I haven't needed to use it yet
Give the customers peace of mind.
Good
Because the business is secured and you can work with new suppliers easily
Just had a great experience myself
it protects you as a buyer and that is important when buying overseas.
Because all of the pay later services are aimed at the us only.
To expensive
Great platform to find what your looking for and easy to use
Reliable people and great answer time for responding.
the service is clear and the operators (manufacturers) put forward the solution
Great service
I have not had any issues when purchased via your service
great service
Gives me a better feeling about ordering.
secure
it will help me to guarantee my business
na
I would recommend Alibaba due to you all trade assurance and attentiveness.
Product nor recieved and had problem with my credit card
many companys of china are fraudulents and not have all ico terms clearly.
Not very trustworthy
IT EXPIRES SO SOON
It has not come into play yet
Vendors don't meet shipping deadlines and it's tough for Alibaba to enforce.
...
Trade assurance creates a expectation from the supplier to deliver all goods and services in a timely manner as promised in the RFQ.  Without Trade Assurance there are no guarantee that the supplier will act on what you both agreed upon.
Trade assurance creates a expectation from the supplier to deliver all goods and services in a timely manner as promised in the RFQ.  Without Trade Assurance there are no guarantee that the supplier will act on what you both agreed upon.
Trade assurance creates a expectation from the supplier to deliver all goods and services in a timely manner as promised in the RFQ.  Without Trade Assurance there are no guarantee that the supplier will act on what you both agreed upon.
it provides security
I have ordered and recieved products from this site.
I dont want to my customer know my sources
Don't undertand how it works.
charges are too high
Breeds confidence in the process
Very helpful when the seller use this service and does not  cheating me
Easy to use. Easy to manage. Keeps me informed.
easy to use and keep track all process from the beginning to the end
nothing to compliain about at the moment so what not to recomment to others
It's easy to use.
to be complicated
make sure product is of good quality
or the amazing servers and the fast reply from the suppliers
would never buy from here again. i bought hyaluronic acid twice like a dumb ass! ut may be hyaluronic acid, BUT it is watered down, diluted for sure. 100% for sure. i bought 9 mls, and was able to get them ALL into my lips! NEVER EVER should i be able ti fit that much in there, and my lips would be so big IF IT WAS REAL that they would have exploded! my lips got a tiny bit bigger, but all the product just disappeared pretty much right away. i did 4 mls first time, waited a week wondering why i was not huge? then again like an idiot, injected the other 5. NO way is this a good product! no way, dont care what they coa sayS-of course a COA lab analysis can be fake!
Excelente vendedor e produto!
I haven't had to use it yet.
Protection is always important to have when dealing with companies so far away.
very fast shipping in good shape on my last order
Trusted service
Well all want our money protected.
perfect
Everything is so easy to get to, and they stand by the customer, plus all the companies I have worked with are very nice and helpful and they stand by these companies
Unicamente por el tiempo de envío auque es entendible por el coronavirus
I have not had to use the trade assurance yet but think it is valuable for buyers to have some reassurance
Good
It's just easy. It's fast and efficient. I can use the same method again and again. I have yet to run into any issues which would need the help of the assurance. I know if/when I do it will be an easy process as well.
your system is extremely poorly made or rather it was designed to discourage the customer from making a complaint in the event of a problem, the time to open a dispute is too short, and in addition impossible to find the history of my disputes, I have never had any feedback from you, when I have concerns, I don't even know how to post a notice to the seller who is not serious and who continues to steal customers while you give him a good rating, contact me immediately contac.htac@gmail.com   whatsap = 0033673462362
Well, it's the only avenue available for a trade disputes .  The seller sent the wrong products wrong  size and the wrong amount and they offered a $2.00 refund .  Trade assurance services offered an $18.00 refund .  It would've been better if the seller offers the $20.00 refund and Trade assurance services would have to offer anything but , it was nice that they did!
The process appears to be very simple. I would like if there were more options for payment, like Paypal, etc.
It's very safe and easy to use.
You do not look into find the facts you appear to only accept what the parties are saying and not looking at the facts
i clearly got scammed and this company havent done a dam thing about it will be contacting the CEO of this company
I have told people that there is a protection and feedback system on Alibaba. I didnt know it was called trade assurance.
Provides confidence and protection in the transaction.
I have not have to access protections under trade assurance as yet, so can't comment on it.
I've been scammed by a seller, I prepared all the proofs, the Alibaba agent for the dispute didn't want to look at them and didn't help at all.
If I recommend it because, it gives me peace of mind, and security, guarantees, and above all confidence, that if I am going to receive my orders, as well as the supplier, I also believe that a purchase by this means is guaranteed
They understand the policy and work around it most of the time.
Because i am really satisficed with the service and even the supplier very cooperative
i'd actually prefer all things done on trade assurance.  there are some vendors that prefer to receive payment outside of alibaba.  these vendors should be taken off of alibaba.  ive ran into some of them.
$23,000. USD worth of product ordered under trade assurance, items delivered with counterfeit marks, which seized the entire $23,000 order, the $7300. tariff and the $1300 storage fees.  Dispute launched with evidence of the siezure, evidence of the bills, and evidence of the contract stating exactly what I needed.      Trade assurance ruled in favor of seller that sold counterfeit materials.    Order was placed and paid for in June.   Today is 21 Dec2020 and still have not received any product, no recourse from "trade assurance" and still out over $30,000 USD.      Trade Assurance is not any assurance by anymeans.
its safe for the buyer
only few sellers respond to queries
Because it takes months to receive product and no one can give you a tracking number as to where your product is at....
Overall, I am very happy with my experience with Alibaba, and the companies I have ordered from have been good.
System has very low use in case of FOB shipment carried out by my agent
It's a secure way to make payments for your orders.
Very Good!!
You sent me an e mail saying I have received the shipment, therefore the order is completed. it has been almost a week and I am still waiting for the product to reach me!
Nothing
I would recommend Alabama’s services because they offer the ability to buy items that cannot be ordered on Aliexpress for certain reasons, such as quantities, shipping options, or batch-dependent discounts. Negotiations with the seller about the price or delivery methods are possible. Sellers maintain excellent communication during the purchase process; provide buyers with comprehensive information about themselves and their products. There is very practical search tools, using order quantity, price limits, and search definition filter tools.
I would but Trade Assurance should backup up company's warranty time also in some good way. This will get more business by giving customer peace of mind knowing Trade Assurance is there to watch on the seller.
Horrible staff and professionalism
Alibaba is the best
none
express,trustfull,reliable
Cause even if you prove the items were low quality or counterfeit, alibaba always defends more the seller side,
It is an efficient service.
Excelent service
I would recommend it because its practicality. However, fees like debit or credit payment fee are not refundable. And thats kind of dissapointing.
I gave the saller instraction on how to send to goods, he did every thing wrong, goods were stopped in costumes and i gave up on the shipment and lost all the money
It gives me peace of mind when placing an order.
I recommend it, but suppliers should keep to their promises.
I tried to dispute but there is no fully explaination site or anything so I gave up b/c nobody helped me .  I ordered alot and paid them all then suddenly cancelled all of my payment with took all my money.  I have to pay again with wiring directly from my bank.
i have not receive an answer to my problem. I have sent emails requesting assistance, guidance and help and the have not responded. I am worried about an order where I have been scammed and I want to solve this problem. my dispute has taken a long tie without a solution.
Trade assurance protects against the stresses of loosing money while transacting online.
Access to global products, very good
IM VERY HAPPY WITH QUALITY OF MY ORDER
My credit card used in this transaction was compromised within two weeks after this purchase.
The Open dispute button disappeared from my order while I had not yet received the goods. It says order complete. Now I'm dissatisfied with the goods received and I've got nowhere to go. Seller is not responding. Its a total scam.
I would recommend it because the supplier is not paid till merchandise is delivered.
I haven't had any problems at all
I ordered a coffee machine, machine did not worked well, unable to consistently froth milk, coffee was too cold, machine spilled milk all over. I submitted videos and pictures, vendors kept telling me to clean this, adjust that. But machine never worked properly. I spent a lot of time cleaning, adjusting machine. And at the end they sided with the vendor and refused to refund the over $500 I paid. In the United States if you buy something there is a guarantee that product will perform as promised or you can return it. This company refused to do that, accept product back and return the money. And Trade assurance that was supposed to protect me didnt. For that reason I dont see the reason to continue using it for payment in any future purchase.
yes but they have to size up the shoes then they will be perfect!
I would definitely  and have done so because how easy it is to buy in bulk and being able to speak with the supplier or an agent of the supplier.
It was my first experience using trade assurance purchase which results as very helpful in order and efficiently performed.
I will recommend because for sure is the only way to  assure that you are protect from bad will!
I did not say I would not recommend Trade Insurance but time to dispute an order or review a product needs to be more flexible and especially the time limit for leaving a review should be extended..
I received a damaged product and was not refunded. I submitted video and photographic evidence of a non working machine. The process dragged out with repeated, vague requests of more evidence.
Great platform to look for products
idk
professional
I am happy and working in future too
yes, it is easy to do business
So far, i don't have any problems with it.
trust channel is built
Payment and delivery properly linked
It makes it very easy to place international orders.
At the moment it is a good option that I am exploring. It would be good if you gave us more options not to order large quantities of the products and to look for a more economical way in some cases of the shipping price since sometimes the shipping is more expensive than the product. At the moment I am seeing that it was convenient to order from China with the shipping and customs prices to have the merchandise here. Thank you for your time and kindness in the companies where I have ordered some products.
I do recommend Trade Assurance, just not happy with the delivery of orders and in one case quality response of the seller. Why is it so many sellers try making buyers buy off the Trade Assurance?
It gives a great feeling of protection when purchasing through the Alibaba platform.
It is very good, it gives facilities
Alibaba does not seem able to hold manufacturers to account. If a manufacturer fails to deliver, they simply look to push the system by saying they fulfilled their agreement so as not to be penalised by alibaba
Seller threatened to kill me & posted my personal information on Facebook. Please check my entire chat with seller "Rex Zhou" (Order No.63143698001021285)
Never used it. Im sure its great.
Still waiting on items and i don't seem to have a way of stopping the trade assurance window from closing (30 Days)
very great place to order and get goods
There is a guarantee in the protection of your investment
In my recent dispute. ALibaba did not understand my situation.  The supplier did not SHIP the goods.  And i did not want the supplier to ship the goods as they are faulty.  ALibaba choose the side of the supplier.
ok
The suppliers should explain what kind of trade assurance will do in detail. because they jus do the trade assurance and sometimes the times of deliver is long than you expect
Taxes
Very helpful service. It guarantees the rights of the seller and the buyer. And it gives safety for a fair business deal.
My product delivered to an incorrect address on 12/3/20, to somewhere in Philadelphia PA, USA.  My address is 28110 W. Roberts Rd.  Barrington, IL 60010.  Trade Assurance automatically closed the transaction before checking the shipping address.  (I thought that was your function!!)   The process of discovering the incorrect address & delivery was very confusing.  The Trade Assurance website is VERY confusing, and very unhelpful!!.  The time you allow for disputes is WAY too long.  I am hopeful that I see my refund!!!
I have open three request refund, one is cancel and I couldnt have any refund, other one afterx explain and send a lot of evidences that the bikes I ask is not the same the suppliyer wants to sell I had my refund. And other that arrives DDP damage, is in study since 2 months with out answer.  For example this last one, that I receive a EBike, espensive one, with several damage, I need to wait for long time, when is suppler responsability (and he recognice in all our writes) but Alibaba, doesent give me the refund since 2 month ago.
Don't have the system automatically confirm receipt of the item(s) before they're received.  This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen.  How much time is wasted by both sellers and buyers because of this idiocy???
recomendaria por es bueno
it protects the buyer
recommended
You "buyer's protection" does not protect the buyers. I would not recommend any Alibaba Service to anyone. It's just good to loose money at this point...
Trade assurance ensures that suppliers deliver their promise.
No comments
Credit card Payment charges are high, Selre will add 2% additional for trade assurance order, And you take 2.95% additional, So ts too high.
Good working system
Its Very Very Good Deal And Service
WORRYIED
Because it guarantee safety.
My understanding of trade assurance is positive outcome if the unexpected problem rises to the surface.
the link expired or is not working so now I can not submit the claim and everytime I try nothing happens.
Dispute process seems to always side with the supplier and too complicated... It is important that this process is simple, and unbiased.
I would and have recommended people to use this site for their companies. Alibaba is not the problem it's just this particular supplier did not hold up to their end of our agreement. As a courtesy I would like someone from Trade Assurance to contact me in regards to this situation.
keep me safe
It is a guarantee for buyers, personally I have had very good experiences with this service
n/a
n/a
i recommend because you have receipts and you can follow your contract with the trading company
Everything was excellent with my first order ever! :) Will definitely order more in the months to come!
for the speed and access to a copy of the contract
It’s unclear
It feels safe.
Trust Issue, Is trade assurance really work and protect me from scams?
Fast shipping and great communication
too slow
I have buy and  4 November 19 décembre i have not received package
Good but high cost and orders by train normally take much longer
easy to manage
I recommend it because it is reliable.
didnt have any issue with it yet ...
All of the above. "On-Time Shipment" is a joke, I had 10 orders with "DHL Express" shipment that took more than 30 days to arrive when i was promised 14. Seller didn't even ship on time, it says on the contract seller have 15 days to ship and he shipped after more than that. Afterwards, I lost the dispute becuase you only let the buyer tell why he's opening the disupte then the seller can write "counter offer" with his false side, and then buyer can't respond to that. This caused me to a loss of 1014 USD. Alibaba need to make the dispute system just like AliExpress. You have confirmation window time, you have also chance to respond in a dispute. Both AliExpress and Alibaba must have real agents that I can talk to, all of the customer service are robots, you are too big of a company to not think about your buyers. Very sad that this is the case.
so far my experiences with ordering have been very good and successful each time. Also, everyone is very professional.
I'll recommend
More than all for the reliability that the order will arrive and with the characteristics of the purchased product
Service is good. Order are insured
i would recommend but the process can be long.
I do like trade assurance because it gives a little piece of mind as there are a decent amount of fraudulent sellers on Alibaba. There needs to be a rating section for customers so they know if they are dealing with a legit company.
i do not know, whether it reallywork.
I would recommend Trade Assurance.  It is convenient, easy and offers a sense of security.
I think that's good for all sides.
I think it's a great idea, but it's very complicated.  It seems to me that there is too much involved.  I just want to make a payment and know that it is protected.  Very simple is good.
I would recommend trade services because my purchase are secure, great customer service, and I never had an issue with making a payment or receiving a refund.
I used it and you feel assured that your products will arrive and if there's a problem you know it will be resolved.
Dispute team didn't handle one of my cases correctly
Customers are given protection against shrewd traders which are rampant in the world.
Payment is a problem.  We have to use wire transfer which costs additional money.  Also, you advertise that you offer credit but you don't .
I fermly recommand it for safety.
I would love to recommend Trade Assurance Service because they have really helped me in settling disputes between me and seller concerning my goods and not that they side with the seller but also they make sure both the seller and the buyer are mutually compensated
i have not finish testing alibaba
Does not respect these commitments in terms of deadlines and that we are obliged to pay everything before even receiving the package
Because of dispute teams always supporting the supplier
None
Not exist
It's expensive.
Before the process I was simply unclear on how the TAS process went. I thought Alibaba simply took the information regarding the issue and made a judgement call. I wasn't aware Alibaba simply took on the role of being the arbitrator.
sellers take a long time to ship   Seems they make their money in shipping  I purchased a 10 dollar item and shipping was 45. unbelievable.
x
No problems so far
It certainly not easy to buy, ship and receive products.
Very convenient
Best and efficient
Transfer fee is too high.
Assure safe payments
Company is not fulfilling order already 4 months
easy to operate
fast shipping and transaction
I was unhappy with a product I ordered when I received it but when I brought up my issue to the manufacturer they would not give me a refund for the amount I paid, they would not pay back any of the amount I paid so I was left with a fee for a product I did not use.
recomendaría por que da confianza a los clientes en su compra
is difficult to follow.  Have seen the suppliers only communicate in Chinese and not English so following what is being said is difficult.  At times it appears, Alibaba sides with the Suppliers rather than objectively reviewing all of the facts
it worked just fine.. that's what I will tell my friends...
No
I want to know how it is posible to constrain a provider to fulfill his commitment I have a provider that does not answer all my messages to tell me the situation of my order   He is SHENZEN HUAYIXIN TECNOLOGY Co Ltd  Shenzhen HuaYiXin Technology Co.,Ltd.
it gives you more confidence knowing your goods are assured
I was defrauded recently by HebeiElectricLtd from Alibaba. HebeiElectricLtd is listed on Alibaba as a verified seller of the PlayStation 5. I contacted the verified seller company and conducted transaction with Farrukh Bozorboev and Saule Kumarova who assured me that  they have the Playstation 5 ready to be sold and shipped upon payment. I sent them the payment in the sum of $350, upon the receipt of my money. Farrukh Bozorboev and Saule Kumarova from HebeiElectricLtd disappeared. I am asking Alibaba to investigate the sellers on there platform. I am requesting that Alibaba authenticate the sellers who advertise on Alibaba platform and to delete the fraudulent sellers and to also bring them to justice. Alibaba should restore confidence to the businesses who use the Alibaba platform to buy and sell merchandise.
The vendors are terrible
i recommend that service, is secure and make my purchases more confortable
Ease of mind and security.
good service clothes good quality
Would recommend as this is a special feature and insures your business against fraud
Suppliers can be confusing. Interface is NOT user friendly.
I has no formal resolution process
useless
Because is very safe.
During all dispute process no any activity and help from customer servise.
expensive
Alibaba is all FAKE BUSINESS. Selloing items they don't have and after payment trying to drive up the price.
Simplicity of transaction
As long as the supplier/buyer is in TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE there will be no worries
secure, friendly assistance
I have been happy with my experience with the sample getting to me quickly and waiting for my final order
Ease of use
nope
i placed an order with a supplier and i still have not been able to setup and operate the product from the supplier for over a year from purchase.  i have written, texted and everything possible to get customer support from the supplier.  To date i am still unable to get help to resolve the issue with my product.  I have been ignored by   the supplier and i have no recourse to have resolve this long standing matter.  I would appreciate better customer support through Alibaba to resolve this gross negligence from the supplier.
not good
The entire process favors the supplier. I, the customer have not been treated fairly at all in this process. You don't back up your gurarantees. I have 2 orders I am not satisfied with for various reasons therefore I should get my money back immediately, not 3-4-5 months later. This is crooked.
It is not clear what is included and how you are protected.
please take paypal
Hello, In my order, Seller and I made a deal about door to door. After I paid - they refuse to send my order if I do not pay more. I applied for refund. It has been a long time. This is not my first time action. They are worst company on ALIBABA that I worked with. I want refund!
Easy to use.
The dispute was settled very quickly
Many times when I placed an order after making a sample, the sample is good quality and comes on time but when I make my big order the seller takes too long, does not reply to my messages, or the products I get are not the same quality as the sample, and sometimes even a completely different colour than what's pictured. In the past when I made a dispute, the seller claim to refund me but they don't and when I try to contact Alibaba, they do not have a real person available to help me.
Trade Assurance provides security for both the Purchaser and the Seller. It also holds both the Purchase and Seller responsible.
We had 100% trust on alibaba.com until one supplier scammed us. alibaba.com unable to protect us from these cheating suppliers
OK
N/A
I w
Conditions were not clear
I would recommend it because it is very helpful to have.
cant find assistance with disputes
I would recommend that because it give a sense of safety into the whole process buying from unknown suppliers.
I ACTUALLY RECEIVED A REFUND FROM AN ORDER I CANCELED . IT TOOK WAY TOO LONG BUT MY MONEY WAS IN FACT RETURNED.
This is very easy to find any wholesale items
they will take your MONEY they are not able to deliver the customer request
alibaba trade assurance is safe & secured
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as it gives buyer peace of mind.
7
The commercial guarantee says that the purchased product must be delivered 15 days after shipment by the vendor, the vendor charged me more money for guaranteeing delivery in 12 days and default, I started the dispute and they told me that I should wait 45 days for the covid 19, they never informed me of that at the beginning of the purchase, it was done in November and 10 months have passed since the beginning of the pandemic, they should have been clear from the beginning, I escalated the dispute and they did not reimburse me until the 45 days that they never reported from the beginning. It was dishonest not to be clear from the beginning, they say yes to everything while they receive the payment and then the seller disappears. For now I feel cheated. I do not have the product or my money.
It's more secure.  I like it
I love Trade Assurance, but you need to add shipping service as shipping rates varies from seller to another
Greatly reduces anxiety purchasing overseas, without ability to inspect.
I have had a good experience so far
Doesnt protect the customer invesment
It's hard to tell whether goods are counterfeit until they are received. I would like more assurances on product quality during the purchasing process.
Guaranteed great!
Great service
i have a dispute and the alibaba doesn't sure they payment is return and where it return, they are not sure the money they return to which card??
I recommend it. I just have been having issues from some suppliers not all. i want to work with them to make it easier. just need to place more orders to see.
It is one added bonus in protecting our business.
Not sure what quality controls Alibaba are doing to ensure they have good quality suppliers and agents.   Its like the wild wild west. Everyone is changing the order and commission but no care with quality of goods or if they are delivered onetime.
Its useless, it should protect me and my money until I receive my orders but instead the system automatically update the order situation to "Delivered" even if I did not receive my orders
payment done from my side ,then after 5 days company confirms that production has been closed for such product , i asked for the refund ,refund is still pending and no one support for the same. please refund my money.
I would recommend as it is straight forward to get quotes. Would not recommend to someone looking for a simple purchase without wanting to understand the Alibaba process and assurance
-
Not provides any assurance.
Recomendaria sim, produto e atendimento satisfatórios.
Ease of use & Peace of mind.
i would recommend trade assurance service as it helps doing business in safe mode
A few years ago, we received a partial reimbursment because the seller didn't ship the item. Then months later the seller still hadn't shipped the item and we missed the market for the sales, but there was no option for further reimbursment.
Trade Assurance simple the best
it safe for both buyer and seller
I haven't had any issues and will keep buying from here!
I would because everything went smooth
Good service
This is a better service for customers
.
safty
The current prices are a lie, you need to push to vendors that must respect the prices that they has posted.
Good protection of purchases.  It is relieving to have a 3rd party moderator when doing business with an unknown company in a foreign country.
Great place to find what you want the right price
Everything went easily and smoothly
Nothing
I'll have a better opinion one way or another if I have a bad experience with a seller, so far it has been good, but haven't had any issues one way or the other to tell.
They would need to make this process much faster.
website navigation is spotty...for instance; a new tab opens with each clicked link
I recommend Trade Assurance service because it is a good channel to buy products and you can be very sure about all the suppliers
a good payment tracking tool
.
I got a case that vendor initially told me to ship via air and lead time ard 20 days (due to the fact that i need them to deal with the import taxes) i got a UPS traking # but shipment got serious delayed and eventually i have been told they shipped by sea instead of air. Since the goods finally has been delivered to my place, although i am not happy about the vendor's service, but i have 0 leverage to have them take the part of the responsibility since they caused the delay.
For the same reason mentione dabove
all ok. shipping fees from US was a bit high
Drafting an order is quite complicated. Also everything is in Metric system which makes it very difficult for people in the US to make decisions or understand, time consuming to convert everything into something they can understand.
I would recommend Alibaba Trade assurance service because it gives the customer safety and security of their valuable money..
none, its great
NA
Make a normal delivery to Russia. There is no logistics in this direction!
item never arrived. trade assurance didn't even help. never got my money back never got my item.
Don't know
5/5/2021
I don't recommend a system that is not completely honest
no
It is very convenient and reliable.  My orders have gone very good so far.
the shipping is very high
So far, luckily, nothing has gone wrong. Only once I have had some bad service and required trade assurance can i tell how effective you are
Efficiency
Security for your transaction
Safe for the transactions
Alibaba is not at all helpful for the buyer. I have multiple example where Alibaba didn't even looked at the proper facts and made a decision in seller favour. I was crying out loud that this is wrong still no use. Worst customer service from Alibaba.   See my  Case No. 1006655264 Order No. 53219010501026860  Seller didn't provided any proof that their bottle do sublimate (they were pasting stickers) not sublimation. And Alibaba told me that I am not doing the sublimation correctly. Sublimation process was never showed by the seller and Alibaba said I don't know what I am doing. I had chat to prove that seller confirmed that the bottle sublimate then only I placed the order and after that seller is saying what is Sublimation process?  This is just a joke. Worst customer service by Alibaba. No wonder you guys are loosing so many customers lately.
safe
good
For more assurance in the trade & For incase of bad products service
it is sufficient for me. Thanks
I have had no issue with Trade Assurance yet, so I think that's a good thing and why I would recommend
TA fee for large order payments is too high. It should decrease with the increase of order amount.
Trade assurance is very important
no I have not hadf any issues with orders I have placed and rfeceived very good service
NONE
dispute processed 2 times. but neither seller or trade assurance can give me my shipping and tracking information after 45days of waiting for express shipping of goods. check my chat. seller refuses to give me information.
I will recommend
I have not placed an order yet with trade assurance but I like the idea.
seems to work okay
It adds a level of security and makes me feel more confident when placing an order
It makes me feel a very strong sense of security
it gives me security
it is in my opinion that is for seller protection not buyers
Shipping
trade assurance service give you that assurance of safe trading by assuring you that all will go well and if not then there is procedure to follow and plat form to lay your complain
Pls, decrease Transaction fees.
Protect for consumer
Da seguridad y tranquilidad
No, I can not think of any reason not to recommend Trade Assurance Service
Safety process
I believe trade assurance help us make a reliability  buyer and seller
Its a SCAM
Sellers don't carry enough responsibility and liability for their errors and I have lost lots of money, especially with Seabay.
Because it is a safety of our investment
I have not had any issues, but my wife is having some serious issues with an unrelated order. After 3.5 months of waiting for an order that was supposed to arrive in 40 days, she still has not received the product and the company refuses to look into the problem. My wife has requested a refund 2 times. The first time the seller reversed it immediately. The 2nd time there has not been any response.
I like the full transparency
no cmments
I recommend using TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE. Because: Easy to find providers. Fast business operation. The web is very reliable to make purchases anywhere in the world. The suppliers that are in ALIBABA have many certifications that guarantee the quality of their products.
After receiving many broken glass vials this contract is still under dispute. I ordered 50,000 glass vials, received 47,600 with the vials in 3 boxes out of the 4 boxes substantially damaged. As far as I am concerned this contract was not fulfilled. I should not have to pay for freight of the damaged vials and definitely not for the damaged vials. It is very difficult to ascertain how many vials exactly are broken, but as a good will the supplier and Alibaba need to take responsibility that this contract was not fulfilled. I need to deal with glass pieces everywhere and it is very time consuming working with these vials when so many of them are broken. The glass vials were not wrapped in bubble wrap or protected by foam. The trays of vials were loosely wrapped in plastic, no lid on the trays, and then placed in card board boxes. With lack of protection, no wonder so many glass vials broke.
It is a good opportunity to buy industrial machinery. One suggestion is that specific information could be obtained on the quality of the product to be purchased.
becouse its more safety
Havent used enough to say
Kimmy Zhang of Shanghai Pinrui Medical Equipment Co., Ltd Ubicado in 3399-20, Kangxin Road, Pudong New Dist. Shanghai CN.  This supposed seller made me deposit him 17000 dollars americans for a piece of equipment calledd the MIndray M9 ECOCARDIOGRAPH  and to send me. He send me a team that is not even for echo of heart  I considered that buying through this means was a safe way but I realize that it was a safe way but I realize that it was a mistake now I am Losing my monoey. But the most import thing is that this does not happen to someone else.
no
The safest way to make transection. We don't know our suppliers, so when we use trade assurance we can trust our supplier that he is reliable
It is ok, but the shipping could be explained better.
Faster delivery
quality materials, quick response and shipping.
I MADE A PURCHASE OF ORDER, THE SELLER SCAMMED ME WITH THE CAMERAS, I CLAIMED FOR MONTHS AND MONTHS, UNTIL I NEGLECTED ME FOR A FEW DAYS, I DIDN'T ANSWER AND THEY CLOSED THE CASE, APPEALS THE DECISION AND I STILL WAIT ...
feel protected and trust on Alibaba
no reason
very good
I will recommend
they do have great quality and great customer service i would continue working with them making my business bigger.
Because I have gone through a lot with one of the vendors and when I contacted you all and tried to work everything out with the vendor to send product back because all the items where the same size you all denied my claim regardless of the pictures I sent in.
this service is expensive when you pay with credit card
Safety
My experience has been very positive.
Its not Trade Assurance Service. I like this services. I have issues with suppliers who do not use trade assurance where I cant use my visa card.  for instance I wanted to order some firesticks but I was told I have to use western union or money gram. In that case I didnt order anymore. Also where the supplier used Trade assurance but after I ordered and pay told me the items were out of stock. Then I had difficulty trying to choose something of similar value as not to ask back for a refund where I would have lost part of my money.
i would recommend it even though Im uncertain of the value.
Would recommend due to great competitive pricing and choices.
I recommend it because it is a safe way to make transactions when you are involved to take care of our investment
I will recommend so far the hold to their integrity
we have been buying on Alibaba for a few years and always used Alibaba trade assurance since we believed it worth the extra money spent. Our last order was one bad experience after another.   1. we were promised that shipment will ship 15 days after payment and it took twice as long to ship. 2. we paid for door to door shipment from to our lab in Oklahoma City. in reality the equipment was sent to the port of Dallas TX which is in a different state and we were forced to pay the shipping company additional $602.96 in order to avoid storage charges and additional fees. 3. initially our Chinese partner told us that they were lied to by the shipping agent and this is now our problem. when pressed they offered to pay half of the sum, which they never did.
Me han estafado, realice un pedido y nunca llego, por lo cual realice un pedido de reembolso de mi capital y nunca lo realizaron, quiero una respuesta urgente el numero de mi pedido es: 59825082001028026
GOOD SERVICE
data issues. y'all know.
WELL, I WOULD DEFINITLY NOT RECOMENDED TO MY CUSTOMERS, ALIBABA IS PART OF MY KNOW HOW IN INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS BUT FOR SURE I WOULD RECOMENDED TO ANOTHER BUSINESS MEN IN A DIFFERENT INDUSTRY THAN MINE.
This
So far be real easy to use
Trade Assurance does not and has never protected me from the seller.
The last time i needed help i was turned down, now i am stuck with a few thousands dollars tied up in useless inventory
There's no support for customer. Only for sellers
the cost is very high, I purchased only a sample, there was no way to know about it up front and no way to purchase without it. The worse thing is that ot was not part of the bill so it made the refund very thedious.
THE ORDER ARRIVED AT THE END OF THE SCHEDULED TIME BUT ON ARRIVING I ARRIVED BROKEN I FEEL UNFORGETTABLE WITH THE ORDER THAT AFTER WAITING I ARRIVED BROKEN
Confusing
The tracking is informing me that the post has returned to the senter Track No. 7379563004 DHL
Отличный сервис.
peace of mind
shipping cost very high
FOR PROFESSIONALISM
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance Service, It gives peace of mind to the purchaser and Seller alike.  I personally feel very protected knowing that if things may go wrong I have a back up.
its perfect way of safeguard your money and make sure your are communicating with proper suppliers
it provides transparence for both sides.
We order different products. All sent sizes are wrong! We asked for small and  medium sizes, but received only big sizes!!
It turned out to be a joke, I purchased sample parts (5-sets of Cutting Blades) to a drawing specification and received parts that did not match the drawings provided. All the proof and inspection reports were given yet the Trade Assurance review still sided with the Chinese Manufacturer and not our Company. It was either we settle for a 50% refund or we would lose all of the money we paid, $3960.00
I would recommend with caution because sellers post prices to attract clients but turn out to be much higher also Confusing advertising
the materials i bought were met the same spics
I would recommend it because it help resolve issue that occurred on the after sales service
ITS WAS REALLY NICE AND SATISFIED. I RECOMMEND ALL MY BUSSINESS FRIED TO USE TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE. AND MOSTLY THNX TO MY SUPPLIER TO SHIP THE CARGO ON TIME AND THE QUALITY ALSO GREAT. WITH BEST REGARDS
Your trade assurance service is "tribal" and only supports Chinese suppliers!  Racist!
Excelent, I recommend
It makes me feel safe to deal with suppliers that way
He tenido problemas con los productor y la gestion de la pagina para solucionarlo
Trust  excellent customer support
very handy
Place where the can find what merchant wants.
This service ensures peace of mind doing transactions with new suppliers. Also the option to get BSI and other verification bodies to assist in quality verification is amazing. Alibaba makes trading safe and easy
nice service
I had to ask a refund one time, because the product was not matching the specs, and it went perfectly well with the help of your service.
everything is pretty smooth
Still learing to use the platform. A little less confusing if possible.
Because i need chepest product
I'm very satisfied ,so I recommend.
Very easy
many times is going about collecting delivery to one place, but later shipping to oversea and custom clearance processes are out of control. Anyway from the manufacturer side is all doing good, but sometimes you realize mistakes much more later. Good will be to have list of freight company's are associated in each country with positive standard, and also warning list about negative standard freighters. Specially in LCL , or smaller packages are this processes sensitive. This way the trade assurance can cover also the freight, unless someone can use crazy freight prices offered be Alibaba. Today is demand of smaller businesses 60% greater, compare to FCL loads, and in ASEAN regions are missing in 1/2 of the country a roles with much higher simplicity standard in processing. Also new trade pack in ASEAN can help the situation, anyway the clearance processes and open visible port fees are hidden for most of buyers.  Another issue are crazy fees in transfering EUR to RMB are much higher as expected, without any trade war between CN and EU. To pay from 500 us 12US transfer fee be C.card is a little to much.
easy to use
A week before my order arrived I received notification that the Trade Assurance and been terminated.
quickly availability
Trade Assurance is only helpful for orders that don't arrive.  If you pay via credit card then this is easily remedied by your bank.   Trade Assurance more often takes the word of the supplier who will lie to keep buyer's monies.
very high Transaction fees each purchase
very high Transaction fees each purchase
I wish there was a better way for the buyer/seller to negotiate offers a little better.  But I'm still satisfied and will use again.
The dispute management is not helpful.
11
Sellers end up doing whatever they want regardless of Trade Assurance
ok
The guarantee is no good.  It's very disingenuous, even when the buyer has proof Alibaba.com leaves it up to the supplier to compensate the buyer, Alibaba.com never compensate buyer.  Maybe you need to be more like Amazon policy.
First order was a success. Hoping the same continuing.
No, I have no comment
to safe our money
They offer you a guarantee of your money and products
I would recommend
I can rely on Alibaba because i don't know any body in China
good and easy
I would, it's simple. Information could be more graphic and focused on the status of the package.
The price is not always same when deal with supplier and item sometimes is different.
I gave 50% because suppliers have the ability to include additional charges manually and upon asking i was told that its Alibaba fee. My question was the if its Alibaba fee then why supplier are including them manually, Alibaba should charge it auto. Also we are buyers and the Alibaba should not charge fee from buyers rather from supplier just like when we sell on Amazon or eBay, they charge us not the customers/buyers.
I keep getting ripped off by the crooks that have Trade Assurance. They are liars and cheaters. And Alibaba has never decided in my favor.
It's easy to use when pay with credit card, otherwise is not so straightforward.
I would recommend trade assurance as I am covered with my purchase
Trusted Suppliers
its very safe way and helpful for any issue
I have not received my entire order
late delivery
Everything's is OK  :)
Timely shipping and quality
I am still awaiting some refunds to be processed.
This allows easy payment and some further satisfaction if a defective or misrepresented product is bought. I feel that there is some communication difficulties that can arise and a third party arbitrating may help to satisfy/settle disputes
no
Feel confident when buying from suppliers
The sense of security you have as a business owner to know that if there is a problem with product quality, there is a system in place to assist with obtaining a refund.
I would recommend it because you can guarantee the quality of your products
It is a very qualified website, easy and helpfull.
Wide selection of products. I have had a pretty good experience so far with getting products etc.
Great transaction, supplier worked hard to be able to accept payment.
Good service however logistics companies can improve on time for standard shipping
I would recommend because i have not experienced any issues with Trade Assurance yet. I have received my order or the issue was resolved within a reasonable amount of time.
because there was not 2 items on my order and the supplier do not send me it after it
no yet
k
It helps a lot because your order will be shipped and but when there is a dispute process in your order it delays until you solve the problem.
it offers all the services that an entrepreneur needs to conclude a deal
I would highly recommend
My order is not received and the supplier is not respond, she refuse to send the delivery note or refund my money. Customer serves are not helping at all
Good
Unfortunately, I am a victim of fraud, by one of your Manufactures Dongguan Angle Cloth Co., Ltd  I made a full payment to that company in June for samples in the amount of $696.00 plus shipping cost, and additional charges. Order #41001262001023377 Submitted on 06/03/20. I requested pics, these samples were the lowest grade quality. I am a fashion designer by profession, and own a fashion development business in the US, I am well respected in this industry, so I know what I am talking about. The manufacture, haven't communicated with me since July 2020, I put in a claim, and was told that I did not have a case.  From the look of the samples, this company had no experience sewing  sleepwear. I have had many clients, that used manufactures on your site and lost money, receiving crappy products. My question to your company, why would you allow manufactures to take customers money, and don't deliver a quality products, or products at all ?  That's my dissatisfaction.
customer service doent provide the solution for system error
Trust
good service
Excellent communication and quality
recomendaria por su metodo de pago que es muy seguro, no eh tenido ningun problema hasta el dia de hoy que una mercaderia me vino en muy mal estado.
For payment security
Its protection
not reliable many companies put lies on their page about prices and location
Items took longer to ship, which went past the days Trade Assurance protects. My items were never delivered so I wasted my money.
I would recommend because it showed detailed and accurate information. I would not recommend because there still is a perception that the occurrence of fraud from SUppliers is high, and a lack of prevention or enforcement methods exist in Alibaba.
good prices
Its very safe!
had no problem s
I would recommend Alibaba as it is a great hub to connect with suppliers. Also, we appreciate the Trade Assurance feature as it provides confidence for us when sending funds remotely.
The response times were extremely fast and the service was perfect. Thank you!
I didn't receive the amount of products I was quoted.
Very good the service.
I would definitely recommend Trade Assurance because it protects a buyer financially.  It also makes the seller responsible for the selling of their merchanside.
N/A
I received an email that my package was assumed to be delivered because I had not confirmed or asked for a refund within the given time, but this was the first email I had received.  I also have not received our goods and the tracking # does not show anything since 11/14/20.
short response time
Some supplieres offer bad experience
They provide a great service for those leary of shopping overseas.
It has  helped me facilitate my orders correctly and deliver to my customers on time.
I had a very bad experience with it, and I feel it was an unjust situation.
this give confidence to me. i would defiantly recommend.
Recommend for peace of mind.
Not all Seller are professional and serius
very good yes i recommend
N/A
shipping is super expensive and takes forever, also Trade assurance is not for the customer and not really helpful
Is a save way to buy in China
i don't get my goods and also not get the refund bad service
Some of the shipping stuff seems questionable.
I haven't used it yet so
It's Comfortable and reliable
Safet, easy, fast
Easy to use, fair pricing.
bad business for my first time using
ceci permet de faire ses achats en toute sécurité
n/a
Site is messy / congested and the payment process is not 'transparent' enough.
very reliable
I would recommend to only use Trade Assurance Service to protect himself
The alibaba.com guarantee helps us to have confidence in the commercial transactions made through the website.
best
nice
very prompt
There is no incentive to share my findings with others who maybe my competitors.
I paid for trade assurance inspection with contact to be made to me for both instances to see what the quality would be like and neither times I was contacted so I highly doubt the inspections took place.
Based on my experienced, Trade Assurance service is good and very helpful to me as newbie because most of the business people involve most likely trustworthy.
I haven't fully tested out yet so I'm neutral
Recommend
I've had all great experiences with purchasing through Alibaba and love that this platform is available.
Transaction fee could become a problem with larger orders. For my smaller orders, it's ok.
I never received my order
The products are as described, the shipping time is fast and the sellers are reliable.
We’ve had very good service.
very secure
to many scamming vendors
great service e right now
Easy to source, relatively trustworthy suppliers
Great service.
I am not sure how it works.
Once I had a problem and it did not help me
Felt much more confident I wasn't going to be scammed
always use
you let dishonest vendors brake the rules of trade assurance and you do not respect evidence. all lies like the vendor.
i can pay in alibaba but not in aliexpress wird
if you add more options to it like we can add specificatioon of our order and if the order not meet them so we can return
Even with trade assurance, most vendors do not want to take responsibility for something being damaged or defective. And with mediation, the customer has to pay to get resolve. I don't find trade assurance to be useful and its really not effective.
yes
Ease of transactions and accuracy so far.
Transaction feels safe
Its an easy platform to use.
I dont know how is working that service
Transactions is very safe
We have bought 3 different items through Alibaba and have been satisfied with the service and product.  We got what we ordered.
You allow anyone to post anything they want without verifying they are real vendors.  I bet there are now more scammers on Alibaba than real vendors. You need to get a hold of your site and only allow true suppliers to list products. Lately most I have tried to do business with only want to do the sale with out you in the loop. SCAMMERS all.  You should do spot checks of the people placing adds.
My first experience trading with Jing Lin was very good. She was frank and offered me very good quality. She did it all in the promised dates. I am happy that alibaba allows people to trade and got so nice traders here.
Customer service is not easy. I like to be able to call a phone number to speak with someone to help me with Trade Assurance Service. This service falls short, because it's hard to get help when you need it. Please make it easy.
I don't like the UI that Alibaba has. Very difficult to understand for someone who is new to Alibaba.
-
It doesn't offer protection to buyers
I think it is a good idea, you have a guarantee that your money is safe.
It is useless
Its fast, & you could find anything!
Very good service.  Fast delivery.
We filed a claim about 4 months ago but problem still have not resolved and did not even hear back from Alibaba. Also, Alibaba don't even provide phone number to talk to a customer service team.  Big reason using Alibaba is because we buyers assume scammers are filtered by Alibaba. If Alibaba is not behind the buyer and assurance don't work, merit drops.
pictures does not march merchandise
The money is not safe at all and you support scammers !!!
Good platform
I haven?t used it...
Alibaba shipping cost is very expensive. ridiculous amount.
do not need
it?s up to the amound
good service
There's no insurance in you "Trade Insurance".  How do you release the money (order complete) within a certain period without checking if the merchandise is received or not??!!!!  What insurance if the merchandise is not received and the money is released???!!! All the suppliers know how to delay the delivery and get the money released. What if the merchandise is defective or different from the order. Please do a REAL trade insurance. Why I stay in your platform if it's the same like dealing with my supplier directly. in both cases my money is in the supplier account before I receive the merchandise but directly will be better because no "Alibaba" fees. please have a look to your policies to keep buyers safe. Thanks.
I would absolutely would recommend Trade Assurance.  It gives you and your customers the security knowing that Alibaba is on you side and will assist you with your transactions if something goes wrong.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
order marked as received + trade insurance over but not shipped yet because of pandemics
Slow, confusing, unreliable.
I didn't receive product.
We have have 2 scams lately and trade assurance has not protected us
Dunno
very safe and fast process!
very good atention
false advertising everywhere.  Website says one price but when contacting vendor,  it is another price.  Shipping prices from china are ridiculous... not sure if it is the vendors that are overcharging or if it is the delivery company.
Good service.
The trade assurance service is easy to use and provide security for the buyer. I recommend it.
Some suppliers and things aren't what they seem to be. Its a risk for everything on this site.
EASY TO UNDERSTAND.   SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN VERY HELPFULL WITH  SETTING UP  SHIPPING.  AND I FELT  THAT MY ORDERS WERE BEING SAFE .
fees on ayment process!
trade assurance is only to protect the chinese suppliers - its not there to protect the client
N/A
Merchants take forever to respond. I thoroughly explain what I want for my business the Merchants says they are able to fulfill my request then next i receive a message saying I can't fulfill your request after I have emailed them my CONFIDENTIAL information regarding Name, address, phone number, email address, and telephone number.
No great service
have not received
its rubbish. We lose all shipping costs for your supplier mistakes.
I recommended so that Alibaba can monitor the business and know how customers working with client
Good service
It's better for the Company in case you have any problem
convenient
satisfied with find supplier for our goods
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The others should buy at our company, not themselves at Alibaba.
even though it says trade assurance, you give more inclination towards the seller in claims, also you should send out emails telling the customer their trade assurance is going out of claim if they not receive goods or if they want to make claim reminding them of dates as customer doesnt always remember dates that are 1 or 2 months away
My reason is that Alibaba trade assurance has not fail me in any transaction over 6 or 7 years i have trade through Alibaba trade assurance.
Shipping is very very slow
OK
It is safe and convenient.
protection
Highly recommend, exceeded my expectations.
i cant give you better advise then you guys have already u guys r the best
o
reliable, easy to use.
gracias
good ,like so much
N/A
Takes time to build relationship. Some manufactures make bad product.
Hello, I recommend alibaba because it gives me security in handling my data and because it ensures that the supplier complies with the agreed order
no
difficulty communicating with companys
I have made an order using trade assurance and unfortunately the supplier send the wrong product. I apply for refund of 50$ and Alibaba says it will be refunded in 10 days but it has never been refunded. So I am disappointed.
Seems fair to both parties - buyer and seller.
Your merchants are friendly reliable and give me what I need with fast turn around time
Reliable delivery system without failures.
you suck.......
The refund department need to be faster doesn't take days  to solve a problem and not having so called security issue that affect customers accounts
I would great communication and fast delivery
kk
I FEEL PROTECTED HAVING TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE
i would recommend
I would recommend it because is a good way to qualify a possible business partner and start a commercial relationship
I think that it is very important for the bussiness owner because with this service we can feel secure in the bussiness
HARD TO USE SITE
god service.
I would recommend it but all the times I have purchased something and requested the delivery to my PO Box in USA, there has been some trouble to track the package because sellers don't always use the complete delivery information I posted in every purchase. This makes the packages hard to find and this extends the time when I can actually pick them up.
I advise
items came as described..just perfect
ok
Sellers helpful
Language barrier may be problematic for some
Item received was not the brand advertised, very, very poor quality and make. this was very deceiving as a consumer.
Interface is laggy and difficult to use sometimes.
Easy and safe to use
Save place to buy if people do things through Assurance process
EXCELENTE
I order and paid for a product from a supplier. The product failed the quality inspection and have been struggling for almost two months now to get my money back after I canceled the order. Alibaba wants me to do a second inspection. I can not see why that would make a difference as the first inspection had failed. I also do not want to deal with this supplier any more as they have been very dishonest changing the price of the product twice after I had paid and constantly lying.
I have not had to use it, but its peace of mind it is there.
keep informed of purchases
Trade Assurance Service is very important and make the buyer feel protected.
Because it's a guarantee if you have some issues with the order
I wasnt having problem with my orders so i dont know how it really works in practice
Yes. The inventory was not delivered. However, my money was already transferred without my permission. Very dissatisfied.
Trade Assurance fee is much
Very easy -friendly vendors!
very convenient to negotiate, make payment directly to the supplier, including credit card, security of the transaction.
Some companies are not honest with the prices A complaint has already been submitted
I do not feel protected
I WILL RECOMMEND.
fast services and  efficient
None
due to the illiterate work of a sales agent, I lost money, time and mood.
we still have to test it in a really problematic situation (although we hope we don't have to :))
Supplier lies or prvides little information, appears to be no recourse from alibaba.
ok
Great servicev
I feel completely safe placing orders knowing that the large amounts of money I pay out in advance is covered.
I have had problems with poor quality products, faulty products, and products not received at all.  When raising a dispute or requesting a refund from TRADE ASSURANCE, Alibaba always aide on behalf of the supplier and we are left with substandard products or no products at all.
It offeres security and a chance to build trust with suppliers
You don't accept paypal, all comunication is difficult
no reason
I would. Trade can be guranteed.
I thought trade assurance provided me protection from fraud and dishonest suppliers,  Waste of my time and money for this "protection"  The seller has no money to provide a refund for their defective product so you file in their favor?  What a load of crap.
I placed an order and paid for the order- Later i cancel the order. i have not been able to request for refund.  There is no  APPLY FOR REFUND seen under my orders. Order No.62271499501023481   on  2020-11-21   The order is closed-  kindly let my money get back to me please.
There does not seem to be any protection for the buyers from sellers who receive payments and do not deliver the goods.  I submitted a complaint about such a seller and have not received any response or intervention from alibaba after a month, and I am still waiting and the seller refused to refund my money and he has not shipped my goods.  A better way to conduct this website so that both parties are protected is if the money goes into a holding account that neither party can access until there is an agreement that the goods have been received and are acceptable to the buyer.  Then and only then should the seller be allowed access to the funds.  I personally will not use this site anymore and I would encourage anyone that I know to avoid this site as there are some sellers on here who are not honest and there does not seem to be any corrective actions or recourse for the buyers to retrieve their funds.
Everything went very smoothly
Great communication and updates with contracts, etc.  I feel protected and safe with large transactions and international business affairs.
very user friendly and convenient
The service has been good - quick responses and good quality product. It can be difficult when you want to order more than 20 items and you cant create your own order that way.
Great communication and high end quality product. will review it later because I haven't installed the fireplace yet
The reliability of the service
It help keep both buyer and seller honest
Because I had a trade assurance for 133K usd and the quality and specification of the products was different when I receive them and Alibaba does not helped me to receive no money from the Trade Assurance. Trade Assurance is for nothing, is not working and Alibaba representative are not honest. You can check Case No. 1005892410, Order No. 34633879001025335
good protection from scammers
I do not recommend it because of many
Don't know anything about Trade Assurance.
When I am absolutely comfortable
i would recommend TAS because its more reliable
Helps me feel more confident and trusting of the overseas suppliers, when making purchasing decisions.
great service
We paid on a purchase
I am very satisfied with the work and the attention I received from Cindy Liu your sales agent and the entire organization.
No. Works well.
The payment system needs some help to make easier. It is BETTER than 1 year ago.
no
facile a utiliser
I like that this is an extra piece of mind for me when working with suppliers.
Trade Assurance only covered transactions made in China.   There are many suppliers from India, Pakistan or other locations that your Trade Assurance does not cover because they are unable to bill through Alibaba.
So far, very good experience.
None, 100% recommended
Fast and Excellent Service
safe , secure and quick and easy to use.
One of the providers failed to inform us before to place an order that the shipping cost by air will be more than $1.000,00 USD Dollars and by Sea cheaper but take around 50 days.
Honest never let you down
Help to make buying from Alibaba easy
Because you escrow the funds.
One of the reasons for this note is due to the fact that the prices they present for products in general do not correspond to what they actually propose. The variation in price is always very high.
I have problems with a seller when I was in quarantine, the product was not what I ordered, I couldn't review the product because it was in quarantine and I couldn't get to the company office, after a couple of months I went to the company and the product I found was incomplete, but nothing could be done. I lost my money on that purchase, and the seller didn't give me a solution.
It is safe and secure.
i would recommend for sure
Always had excellent services with Alibaba.
im very sad sence I made an order about 7  or 8 month ago , I still dont have goods  and my client company wants to sue me , I did a deposit 40,000.oo USA dollores , and Im still waiting for action  If it is possible i would like to advise for help so I can get my goods urgently to avied being sued from my clients company
I do most of my business with Blaze Sportswear  My contact is Francis Jian and the customer service is amazing.  All of my orders have been completed promptly and the quality is fantastic.
it's a bit confusing i am still waiting on products for about a month and i don't know how to track it
Vendors want potential customers to pay for samples.
Good
Easy to find the supplyer. Suppliers very kind and professional.
I am recommend Trade Assurance Service
I still haven't receive my orders. It's been two months now. I just want my refund!
Trust
there is no reason that
Shipping can take a while but good quality
it is very helpful to find exactly whatg it is that you are looking for!!
Seller paid the shipping and said it was FOB our location, but when it shipped they sent it FOB New York and we had to pay for devanning and transportation fees from NY to our location.  We asked for help from Alibaba and the response was to contact the seller, he only agreed to pay some of the fees.
I would recommend it. Maybe just make the receipt time a bit longer as it seems transportation takes longer then a month..  (now 1 month 9 days and no final delivery date yet)
make us feel protected
Satisfied
Lack of communication from the shipper on shipping fees , other then that its great
service pas rapide
n/a
its great
There can find good deal but not always, because of some sellers cheating. And  sometimes its hard to find what really need in those huge sellers and products list (need to do better search tools)
give us assurance that we will get our products
Communication can be challenging at times. Wish there was a middle-man that could help find and source the products I need.
Usually the delivery takes a lot of time, due to logistics between China and western Europs. In the meantime the "Alibaba status" of the delivery is "finished" and the trade assurance is expired, without me confirming the receipt of the goods. Trade Assurance should be valid until I actively confirm the receipt of the goods.
good service, best prices
My credit card (once excepted and used) is now being denied. I went through the verification process sending drivers license info and credit card statement and it is still being denied. I have attempt confirmed with my bank that there is know problem with the card or their process. I want to purchase products and your process is flawed. PLEASE FIX.
Even if the seller doesn't ship the item, the Trade Assurance Service expires and you lose your money anyways.
safe professional
Efficient, bulk purchases and fast turnaround!!!
I recomend because you can buy very easy and so fast
We had an order the came through that was incorrect. I reached out to supplier multiple times and alibaba and got no response.
It's bias towards supplier
Plenty of options and everything available on one platform.
Great service
Supplier does not respond, I lost my product and I am unable to receive my refund.
I feel more confident to place an order from a supplier that I've never heard of
na
quick and efficient
The reason why I would not recommend it is because you need to have a lot of patience. I have had suppliers block me because I was requesting information about their product and they did not want to answer. A lot of suppliers show misrepresented information on their store and there is no way to know if the product is the same or not because they don't even want to provide factory finished photos either. I have had suppliers tell me to just buy it and see first, but then I would be stuck having to pay my own high return shipping label if it is not the right item. Many of the suppliers have very poor customer service and lie about lead time and shipping time.
Fast shipping
I have not received my order, as of yet.  I thought the purpose of the Trade Assurance Service is to guarantee both sides of the transaction concerns are protected yet my current experience states otherwise.  Please do better.  As of now in good faith I can not refer Alibaba to any other business owners or prospective customers.
high charges
I have never met nsatisfactory situation when working with Alibaba.
it is  convenient
Its a little bit cluttery in terms of messenger. but a great platform
Easy to use. Honest servies.
I place an order a month ago that I was supposed to receive  in 15 day and nothing, I request for a refund
my last experience with trade assurance favored my supplier
It's an amazing starters for business
It has been seemless for us.  Love the products and happy with the timely delivery.
I am very happy. Thank you very much for the good business and service
good quality and fast response
You never receive the order, but you should just wait and see if you ever get the order according to the dispute escalations. Also if the seller does not respond in the giving time, they still give the seller more time to hold your money and weeks go by with no resolution.
..
My account was locked for no reason and it has interfered with my business operation. I have been waiting to hear back and have not received anything yet. This is absolutely ridiculous and not user friendly.
good
N/A
We have not used the service, we will try it on larger orders. We think of it like insurance, once the risk is greater , the insurance should be more aligned with the risk, For example we are making business with a company thas been on alibaba por 12 yr, trade assurance should be cheaper
no reason but only my first time using this service
Simple, safe, and i can find the information i need
Your money is safe until the goods are received.  So theres less risk involved in dealing with the companies then.
Refunds takes longer then 10 days.
Short deadlines for some orders to arrive, the deadline for opening a dispute ends before the goods arrive and the goods never arrive
Didn't have any problems yet that require this servece but i supose scammer don't let buyers use it so i strongly recommended using this.i have seen some complains about some suppliers but i don't think they use alibaba as payment.
Some suppliers provide wrong goods from the ones ordered and also the process of refund takes a long period making the currency lose value
Several issues. Trade assurance does not seem to mean much to vendors. Even after selling me a product with a contract, the vendor increased the price AFTER I paid and the vendor accepted my order.Fulfilling orders can take a long time, Trade Assurance is not clear about the day that the order is marked as received. Extending the time is not easy to determine.
Makes me feel safe with the delivery,
The treatment and security
its ok by me and reliable
That’s what you need is insurance
I would recommend as you may encounter unreliable companies
I reccommend .
The seller made a mistake by shipping and I got the costs.
you are ok.
I would use the Trade Assurance Service for traders which are new to me. I will not use this Trade Assurance Services if I have good confident of my seller. There is cost incur for this Trade Assurance Services
Its ok some item are not true
it is efficient and functional
i would recommend it
High fees charged to supplier which gets passed on to buyers one way or another
We would recommend because its safer to us.
Your website is too complicate, please do it as easy as Amazon
most of my orders suppliers add to pay more for shipment after I made payment the initial payment
Gives me peace of mind to trade with companies that I have limited contact with
High quality suppliers and good providing service at all.
It works ok, easy to order and so far secure experiences
The dispute solution is note finished good.
It has never let me down.
They are fast, and make the ordering process between buyer and seller easier and assuring
easy and convenience
Easy and safe way to buy products from overseas
I’m pissed. I received an email and they canceled my order with no explanation just canceled Very unsatisfied customer and I do not trust this customer because they cannot deliver and now I need to figure out how to get a refund on a product order they canceled after telling me it was shipping
a little sketchy
Difficult to find a good manufacturer
I just used your service for the 1st time and purchased $2000 worth of goods. The items haven't even left China yet and because 15 days passed you marked the order complete and I don't see any way to change it or anything. Why didn't your system send out a notice warning me it would automatically be marked complete, so that I could have stopped it from being marked complete.I have been told I should have chosen "extend shipment time". But as a first time user I had no idea what that would do, why wasn't there some type of pop-up tip? That sounded like me saying I didn't care if it took longer.Overall the site is not easy to use like other purchasing sites are.
The experience we have had so far has been very good.
I would recommend it because I could track
I wish there were more options to pay. Such as using PayPal.
it helps to protect buyers and feel a safe plate form for business
I would because it helps me find a company I can trust
During transporting there could be damages and losing by many situation, quality of products as well.Further more, improve the faith is most important, they are all just my opinion^^.
It is safe.
I haven't had a claim
Safety for recourse
Peace of mind. Suppliers I am working with are very good.
The specifications are good but it would be better to highlight the most importan subjects its not visually in order.
It's very simple and very safe
Everytime I
qutie easy and safe to protect both sides.
everything arrived in a timely manner, very happy with products!
Shipping cost too high, it would be feasible to set a standard shipping cost.
I recommend Trade Assurance service in order to follow all process and have posibility to claim and ask refund is something not meet with contract or order
Well some of the vendors here sell you the wrong product by stating the product is something which it is not...
Security
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it protects buyer  and the seller.
my experience thus far has been good. I am notified each step of the way after making my purchase.
We give all pieces of evidence?and obviously the seller scam us sell and get money for one type of products and send us other fewer value products. And Alibaba took his side and refund us less then we paid for goods. And we lost most the CC fees, shipping cost, loss of value of a product to sell, etc.. Seller just took his our money and you agree with him. That would never happen on Amazon or eBay or Paypal!
It's been extremely easy to use
It gives me peace of mind.
I have had very little experience so far
I received quality service and a quality product.
Sometimes either intentionally or a language barrier My questions ar not being answered, it takes several messages and because of the time difference we are looking at days before I get a straight answer by then I have found another supplier maybe more expensive but at least answered. I find that sometimes frustrating.
Shipping is too high
Very happy with quality and peice of mind! All of the suppliers we have used are absolutely fantastic! Thank you!!!
I filed a legitimate trade assurance claim and Alibaba did nothing to assist me in getting my money back. Trade assurance is a total advertising farce in my opinion and a major detractor towards every doing business again.
Trade assurance is a great tool for first time users like me!
Process has been easy to follow.
My products were not customized the way I specified.
I have an agent i  china who ships products for me to Tbilisi, Georgia. So sometimes shipping time may take more time than usual. When I order wrap for a car. I didn't have enough time to apply for refund. the product turned out to be very low quality. was nowhere near usable. I had to throw it away. It cost me around 200 USD including shipping from china to Georgia. I tried to write this to support but didn't get any reply.
It gives me peace of mind knowing that my deposit is safe. And if the product is manufactured according to the contract, we are all sure.
I appreciate the tracking and updated status services. I currently have no complaints or reason to not recommend the service.
I would recommend it because I feel safe making orders.
have not used trade insureance
I would recommend because so far its been easy to use & Ive had prompt replies
estoy muy satisfecho por la atencion, el producto llego conforme al pedido
incredible website
It was very helpful when I got items not as described.
It took over a month to get our order and when it arrived, the supplier send us the wrong devices! We even confirmed and the representative told us that the frequencies would be for U.S.She was not correct, these are all European devices that do not even work in my country.We demand a refund!
Only way to insure transactions are legitimate
Excellent buyer/seller protection.  Ease of use. Quality of service
Security & practicity
great prices
I would recommend it because I have had positive result every time I use it.
I ha
its easy and straight forward . products are awesome.
It felt like I had someone to help me if anything went sideways
yes
i'VE BEEN CHARGED 5 X AND I ONLY RECEIVED ONE ITEM
It is a good service.
No
safety
at that thime everything is perfect.
easy and convenient to use
help me
since the alibaba gives a guarantee on a refund or exchange of goods
sometimes it is a littly difficult for find the right things, site.but perhaps i?m not so often here
we like this service, safe trading.
I will not recommend buying radio components here. Buyer protection when purchasing electronic parts does not work well. It is impossible to show the defect in the photograph. I bought a defective batch of chips (Order No.26012670501029680 Order No.26039707501029680), which work poorly and I can not use them. The seller promised to return 50% of the amount but deceived. When considering the dispute, an alibaba representative was unable to understand the reason and rejected the dispute. I got losses.
Peace of mind.
Its Good follow up
I don't think I could articulate it because I haven't really been any position to need to have had it. Although I suppose it is nice in that it gives you comfort and peace of mind.
safe game to each other.
Very non-user friendly.
It's good, but it's not for everyone.
Guides you at any step in the buying and selling processes.
No reason.
The reason i recommend trade assurance service is because it gives me a guarantee on the purchase
Peace of mind
I highly recommend that the Trade Assurance Service alone has brought a peaceful sense of security  that allow business men such as I myself to take my company to greater lengths.
I like that you can purchase a range on quantities on products without any sort of business certificate or proof. Very easy and convenient. I also like that you can communicate with the vendor directly and they write the invoice for you.
safe
safety
We have had great experience so far. We are specially grateful for the trade insurance which gives us confidence that we are save from fraud and false practices.
I would not for the fact the shipping prices are so expensive to Australia, it seems every time i try to purchase multiple orders from one website it increases the shipping cost by double even if its from the same store. I would recommend for the fact the items are good quality items and the product cost is affordable.
Seller sold old Machine. Machine not working. Seller not responding.
could not add a new payment card for 6 weeks - your customer service is horrible, all my odrers canceled because i could not pay -  - you failed me as a resource, big time
Es primera vez que uso el servicio, aun no conozco bien.
The customer service is great. Always quick responses and great product quality. I will continue to use this company for future projects.
Good vendor service. Reliable and shipped on time.
Payment to bank account is confirmed by the seller.We paid from EU bank account to EU bank account. Seller has confirmed after 5 days the money has arrived. This is very long time.
I place an order on April 20, and the supplier confirm to me that it will be send to Puerto Rico, my address was clear, with only the zip code, they can see where should go the order, but as of today the order never was sent to PR, and today May 13, I received that it couldn't be send to PR. I place this order because it says 4-8 days, and this was false. Today, I don't even know if they are going to refund my money.  Also the communication was really bad.Company is: Zhejiang Showbox Technology Co., Ltd.
Great supliers and recived everything on time and in perfect condition only thing I wish suppliers did was send a sample with custom logo for advertising purposes
no
About the ensurance of buying
Falta una comunicación más rápida con los proveedores y un mejor seguimiento de envió de los productos, también el comprobar los pagos.
muy buena
Great resource for wholesale items
The shipping is REALLY SLOW but the stuff does arrive.
Give me faith in trading
I would because prices are reasonable , I wouldn't recommend because shipping
Because it is an endorsement so that the product arrives on time, for my company to know if I have a good product.
I never received my order and it was never even shipped to me but my money is gone.  I was scammed.
Almost all the suppliers wrote that they working for 24 h/day. But when you start to messaging for additional details you see that it's not so.
TAS is essential for giving tje client the certainty that the transaction will perform well and that its payment will not be lost.
I would recommend TAS to friends.
my dispute was not taken in  consideration as well as  my evidence and my  prove , that i have attached , the supplier was not honest , and i have raised a refund . the refund was not approved because fake contract was attached from  the supplier side  .
Very professional, reliable service
I would recommend  because you are safe
I have had no problems with alibaba or its suppliers
Excellent suppliers
I like to buy here.
Trade assurance make more trust business
I would recomend because you always care.I do not recomend just because it tahes too much time
Because we speack spanish and you don?t do it
Everything has been allright
I received my shipment after one month. they started processing after 12 days of my order.
it's good
Great service, Great product!
Orders could be more streamlined
They have always responded to me instantly and i feel safe with my purchases
Because Alibaba takes a big fee of each transaction.
because in a purchase that was made I stole the supplier sending a bad merchandise and they gave a resolution in favor of THAT IS TO STEAL
because i got banned from sending messages for no apparent logical reason. absolutely ridiculous.
Takes too long to process orders. Some vendor are inconstant with replies and available advertised prducts. Ordering is too much of a  hassle and the language barrier is sometimes confusing as well.
Some companies are very helpful.
sellers handle differents price in the add and then they change the price
Gran plataforma y diversidad de proveedores.
O pre?o do frete para o Brazil é muito alto. Só n?o recomendo totalmente, porque acaba n?o sendo vantajoso comprar. Entendo que é uma coisa que n?o tem muita interferência do Alibaba, porém é um limitador para atingir o 100%.
it was an honest transaction, and a fair price, the battery i purchased fit like a glove.
Traqde assurance will only show it's value when a Trade has a problem.   I suspect I will rank it very high if I need it in the future.
Contact your customers better
Provides a necessary level of confidence, reliability and comfort in a global transaction
Es una buena alternativa de negocios
For the most part very fast service with partners.
complicated system
Ninguna
Items are good quality
I wish the shipping fee would be calculated in the cost of products.  Prices always look really great but when you gt the shipping fee most of the time it's not a good price and better price on DHgate
Never received my ULV cold fogger, been over 4 weeks.
Good service and a lot products
I have been very happy with our supplier. They go above and beyond expectations. When I encounter a problem, they help me fix it. Their work is exceptional.
de leveringen nooit op tijd en geen informatie hierover.
I made a purchase 3 months ago I still haven't received it.I asked for a refund I don't understand why they didn't return the amount to me.Super saturated with you services.
Not reason at all
It sounds like a great idea, but I have never had to test it.
it really helps you feel at ease when purchasing product over seas
Very good communication. Co-operative suppliers, and very good understanding.Efficient as well!
no reason
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as it is additional security for the buyer in trade disputes
Make it possible to buy goods by EXW method without customs proceduder for buyer, because goods can go with middleman courier srevices.
It is not realy SAFE as I have ever thought. Some of your supplier are irresponsible
reponse quick and more secure to do deals , surely recommend
Personal
Delay in dispatch and  bad quality product some time
Hi, Tracking order is not so easy. What it's not possible to have same suppliers orders in one folder?
Safe and easy transactions.
Transaction went well and I felt very secure in the process.
Sometimes it hard to find the right trader that will do right thing. This takes time.
Secure way of buying from unknown suppliers.
easy to use. good interface & fair pricing. educated and good vendors
Cos suppliers refuse to fix their mistakes
Each time I begged for assistance, I was rebuffed.  The supplier failed to meet their obligation.   I presented evidence that they did so, but Trade Assurance failed to help me find a resolution.  As I mentioned, the supplier did not ship the goods on time.  I ordered replacement goods from a competitor.  I told them I wanted to cancel.  I submitted the ticket to trade assurance prior to receiving the goods (prior to there being a fedex tracking number) and still Trade Assurance sided with the supplier.
Shipping is too expensive sometimes.
Quality of work
you do not protect buyers AT ALL. I warn everyone not to use Alibaba to buy anymore. They use Global Sources or elsewhere instead. Personally, I source on Alibaba but pay outside of Alibaba as I am more protected with my bank.
The website is still hard to use and place the order.
easy to use
prices are great.  Shipping is not so great.  But i would still buy on Alibaba.
fast and efficient Service very reliable i recommend.
N/A
Its super easy to get but I luckily haven't had to use it yet. So it's hard to say how good the service is when needed.
I would recommend because having this helps me feel at peace whenever I order my products knowing that this trade assurance exists!
I would only work with supplier with trade assurance, there are many fake companies out there tring to sell with private email, do not use those companies.
Trade assurance is great and builds confidence in the trade between the buyer and seller.
Payment option is limited for SEA buyer
not now.
Honest, reliable, good products, fast delivery and good price.
Easy to find what you looking for and easy to talk to them and get done what you need and I feel safe with Alibaba.com , Thank you
The questions need to be specific: Q2 does not specify Trade Services, it states Service/s.
project will be put off as government requirements. But I cannot change or wait for long time after deposit done
Makes me feel more comfortable I will receive the goods and they will be of good quality
It's hard to pay for services when the credit card service is not working.
Wonderfull serives
shipping is way expensive
I feel it is a safe transaction service
Quick shipping, vendors are extremely nice
More security when dealing with unknown companies.
We would recommend for peace of mind
N/A
na
It has been a smooth process so far.
Its a but confusing to navigate, but other than that I would recommend
Because there was a huge delay in my shipment.
safe
Would recommend
I have never had to follow up on any trades I have made but it's good to know it's there if needed.
it is reliable and efficient
Very secured to make transactions.
Vendors often try to get us to communicate on other platforms than Alibaba. Fees are not clearly labeled and the vendors cannot explain what logistics is for.
I've only ordered once.  It seemed like a good experience.  We will see what the future holds.
tarifs are high. The buyer and the seller have to pay a rate. In this case people pay only once and after checking and getting the contact, people use another payment method online because its too expensive so this would become a once time payment only, not a real long time solution for customers and suppliers
its very efficient and buyers feel the sense of security ,in case, if the order goes worng.
Excellent prices
Gives peace of mind an protects me from loss of product and money
I think Trade Assurance is Great! You don't have to worry about getting ripped off! It would be nice if before you decide to release the funds if you would contact me. I mean right before you release the funds a day or two before. I was sent an email way before I received the merchandise and I had already forgot about it when the fund was released. So if you could, an email one or two days before you release the funds would be much better than just releasing the fund before getting a reply from me.
Great for contacting lots of different vendors. Bad for actual pricing shown. I've found all the vendors list false prices to get you to their site and then they spring the actual price on you.
The Trade Assurance Service can be more automatical: it does not take into account real delivery status, and when my parcel is still in transit system suddently can tell me: your order is delivered... time is out :) may be  it can send some notification to the both buyer and seller a few days earlier
I was just wondering about financing of the computer I need help please
Dealing with suppliers or manufactures overseas is always a hassle and sometime not using a secured method of payment you can run into situation with your products and money. I always use trade assurance for all my order over $150.00. it gives me the peace of mind that my order will be taken care of secured and if they any situations I know someone has records of all the information and will definitely take the appropriate action to product us.
I ordered only one thing through Alibaba and I have NOT received it.
no
Is very easy to make an order.
I like working will alibaba, trade assuarence, sellers are working good on alibaba.
Quick and cheap .
Occasional language issues and negotiation disconnect.
All good
no
Like
Providers take too much time to send products.
haven't received product yet so don't know quality
it is difficult to understand who is the real producer and who is the trader. This requires a lot of time inefficiently.
I want to be honest, the shipping cost is too much for much of the products. That does not happen when you buy on Ebay. The second thing is that most of the products does not specifies the cost of shipping cost. The thrid thing, there are some sellers that offers items at low cost but it isnt true because when you write them, they tell you that the prices are not correct. The last thing, when you want you money back because of a delay or any kind of problems, you dont receive the total amount, there is always left an amount because of the exchange of dollar.
I still have not received some refunds
Because it is safe to purchase by this way. The answer from the suppliers is fast and you can find whatever you want
Im satisfied
Great
Hard to say, I'm still waiting for the refund from the seller.
ok
there is an extra layer of confidence, i feel safer.
LUXUSSORY
I have not had the opportunity to test trade assurance as of yet.
Shipping time- processing time- extensive.
Too many unknowns.
I personally would not order something from another country without first making everything is legitimate
The shipping costs on Alibaba are extremely hihg
I would recommend Trade Assurance Services because it keeps track of everything.
It is easy to find what you need and the response time is fast.
Service is well organized, informative and effective.
they didnt give me any trade assurance
poor customer service
Alibaba is just closing the file after a certian period, without checking with the buyer.
it is reliable and easy to use
i WAS SO SKEPTICAL AND SCARED BUT ONCE I SAW ALL THE PROTECTION THEY OFFER FOR YOUR MONEY, AND PLUS THE COMPANY I WAS WORKING WITH WAS LITERALLY THE BEST!!
Total transparency
tanks
I HAVE A PROBLEM
it is very sure
I am satisfied.
I would recommend, because of if goods are not what you have ordered or goods are not send on time, the trade assurance will help you out or fund back.
I would reco,,emd and I have.
Very approachable suppliers
N/A
far complicated and not transparent, still waiting for a double payed klarna refund since 3 weeks...
At this stage it has been easy, quick and safe.
In general very happy, but I do every now and then get unsolicited emails from companies I have not contacted
Not trustable sellers
It's convenient and safe
No, I are very pleacent with Alibaba trade. I always recommend to my partner
Last order was sent to other country and no one knows what is going on.
Very easy and convenient.
i would like trade assurance service becuse it can make me feel safty
.
The seller does not seem to response to queries from the buyer
some vendors are scam
Trade Assurance Service guarantees the buyer gives assurance to the product that they are receiving
Orders are mapped  or, therefore its easy to work from whats given
I HAVE NOT USED IT YET SO IT IS HARD TO SAY
dO NOT HELP CUSTOMERS WHEN SOMETHING GOES WRONG. VERY STATIC, MOST OF THE TIME THE ANSWER AND BOXES TO TICK DO NOT DO JUSTICE TO THE PROBLEM.
the system is fair
the second time I do not receive the goods (2-5 pieces).And if this is a large order?
Haven't received it even though the messaging from Alibaba says I have
There isn't a common certification we can put on the trade assurance agreement. I had a company who had expired TUV document. That was only discovered because we checked the company who issued it. If we had bought I don't think we would have gotten a refund. So that's make trade assurance less useful. If on the other hand they could state the certificates they have in the trade assurance agreement then even if the mask got stuck in customs due to the problem and the factory never got them back the buyer would still be protected by trade assurance. This helps the seller take on more risk with the buyer. This should give the seller incentive to provide accurate certificates that are up to date and this should give incentive for buyers to trust sellers more.
Live chat is very poor and sometimes crashes website. Sometimes does not open
I find it difficult to use.  It is not intuitive as much as it could be.
well i find it is not easy for an american to use if you happen to have a problem with a supplier or payment or terms. and changing your mind this is not easily done?
I was not covered by Alibaba becuase the seller scammed me and sent me DOA items and said they would replace them but I had to pay shipping.  Shipping cost more than the item itself and i was scammed out of my money
Awful site, awful service, pricing is wrong and misleading, your "confirmed supplier / factory" is not true and more
The billing is confusing. Alibaba didn't provide the billing for transaction charge
Still needing to learn more about the process to get a trade assurance
I ordered caps and I explained how I wanted my caps to be. what I received was completely different from what I ordered. I was not able to confirm my order before it was shipped to me and now that I received it, it is not what I ordered. I requested that the company correct their mistake by sending my correct order. I refuse to pay any fees for something that was already paid for.
I don't like the auto-expiration feature. If shipping receipt can be verified, then why not wait until it is confirmed and if there is a complaint after receipt, there would be a record of delivery.
no customer support. Chinese sellers dont send  all required product and then black mail to pay shipping to send product that was supposed to be sent teh first time
i would definitely refer because i feel safe with purchasing through trade assurance and know that they will use fair practice to protect both buyers and sellers.
Very easy to work with.  Kind, friendly, professional people.
secured transaction internationally
It helps protect me as a buyer, There are alot of scammers so this makes me feel secure
the prot
Alibaba can step in if necessary
The first time I use trade assurance, and they basically denied my claim. Even though I submitted evidence. They told me to submit more.
because i have a problem with my order and the supplier and i requested the refund and i had no answer from alibaba at alli hope you can help me with this matter
Guaranteed delivery and money back if you have problems
Response has been always as expected.  No problems for doing business.
Not sure it is needed.
piece of mind, worked well for us
Very easy to work with
peace of mind that supplier would be caught if cheating regularly
Alibaba is allowing comapnies to produce and sell medical diagnostic supplies that are completely misrepresented.
The trade assurance ordered I have made have not at all been to my satisfaction. I  have been in the process of returning a product we purchased that wont fit our machine. We simply need to a full refund and the stupid system you have in place is causing lots of issues/ delays.
Ease of use with the purchases.
I have received my order during the lockdown : congratulations !
I was happy with the final product, The original product wasn't available after I already paid for the product. We were able to agree on the alternative option, and I'm glad it happened that way.
I have to much problems with mu provider I try to contact alibaba personal but nothing and you dont response its bad service
I would reccommend Trade Assurace Service because it helps me to know that my transactions will be safe.
Shipping is extremely high almost more than the order itself
I was cheated.
The supplier I'm dealing with is not reliable. I paid in full for my goods  almost a month ago and haven't receive my good yet.
ninguna
safety
no
во-первых, из-за вируса задержали мой товар на месяц. во-вторых,не по русски написано и не понятно тут. даже на алиэкспрессе гораздо лучше
The beads were exactly like in the catalog
Manufacturers on Alibaba are very good and easy to communicate with, and very open about problems with shipping and so on. I am very happy everytime I order, and feel safe to be able to claim any order that does not come.
I was let down by Carrie Tan on a sample order and there was no way I could complain about it.
I don't even know where my package is. I still have not received it! Its been over a month.
We had an order in the past where over 2/3 of the order were unusable.  We could not get any assistance nor resolution from Trade Assurance with the vendor so we lost quite a bit of money.
I like the fact i can be refunded if the vendor is dishonest
Quick response of communication.
Is not fair that you don't include the 2.95% fee for paying with credit card when a refund is needed.
I got honest and good information
I have ordered custom items that never arrived and Alibaba will not refund my money
I found this to be very cost effective for us,  the service was amazing,  I have used this twice now while building our house and it has proved to save us a lot of money in the end and they made it very easy for us to use this service,  Now I know how this works I would do this again in a heartbeat,
confidence when doing business with a new supplier
very pleased with the communication and information from companies and their representatives.
okok
I would recommend - seems safe and gives a bit of protection to the buyer.
Items never received and they were very needed during COVID19 Pandemic for our business.  No refund has shown up.  Still waiting.
i need to fight with seller on refund after buying goods that is different from the specs.
I use Alibaba with Rakuten, yet every time I place an order I never get the "rebate" authorized.  If I don't get the two rebates from April/May I will never use Alibaba again.
provides me the confidence to place orders with new suppliers.
Safe form of payment due to availability to open a case, if things go wrong.Investigations in to case are not as good as paypal.
I would recommend Alibaba because, My supplier is very attentive and caring, her communication skills are awesome also
I feel more secure
Good service and very fast
ok
I received a message that my Trade assurance had expired on an order that I never received even though I had contacted the supplier more than once looking for my order.  In addition, another order with Aliexpress I did not received either.
Why do we still pay the Alibaba fee when the seller cancels? It's completely wrong.
Over a month and no movement on my purchase since April 22, 2020.
most purchases have been satisfactory
good service, good customer service
I had a bad experience using Trade Assurance - Unfortunately I had to make a dispute and Alibaba was more interested in protecting supplier who evidently was using all kinds of dirty tricks when setting up contract, making orders send when not, extended delivery by 4,5 months etc and would not pay compensation. I believe if Alibaba had paid more attention to the process and looked into the case - they would have realized that we had to do with a supplier who was not playing by the rules and was trying to cheat - I can not have been the only one having problems with this supplier. I have done lots of business here on Alibaba and the one Time I needed help - it was not good enough. Sorry.
I would because it makes sure you dont lose money
Some companies don`t do business very well or sends wrong packet etc.
The dispute is a problem. And most chinese goods are now expensive than few years ago.
very good and trust worthy service
I really feel safe when i'm buying with trade assurance service, I know that I wont be scammed buy the sellers and i'll get my product or refund if it is needed.
lots of choices in suppliers
xxxxxxx   xxxxx   xxxx   xxxxxxxxxxxxxr4tt3h 3qgrr
It should be obvious , your trade assurance is a joke. You have no intention of acting on behalpf of the purchaser. as the saying goes "Its not worth the money of the paper its printed on," With over 63000 examples on the web in Australia alone  its a certainty.
Because it's an insurance against companies who aren't handeling in the best interest.
VERY FAST, VERY PROFESSIONAL
The speed of transactions with secure payment through Alibaba streamlines the purchase procedures more than if it were an import with payment through ordinary channels in my country.
a lot of products and fast reaction time
Seller in Alibaba seems more serious than other platform,
ok
I never go to know how to give feedback. I have not received my package which is still in Beijing and you have assumed I received it. This is service was no service at all.
Speedy response
I haven't received my package yet, it's been months.
I ORDERD A SET OF MASK BY EXPRESS AND PAID FOR THE SERVICES, TILL DATE I HAVENT RECEIVED THE ITEM. FURTHERMORE WHEN I CONTACTED THE SELLER, HE CLAIMED THAT HE JUST GOT INFORMTION THAT IT HADENT BEEN SHIPPED OUT. TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE AFTER PAYING FOR THE SERVICE.
Its so easy and I know my supplier gets notification straight away about payment
The entire site is poorly managed. There is no easy way to call anyone in the USA.
I or do not get what I order of get something else. for example years ago I order some chips and got something else. today I order an ink system and did not get it.
Out of around 20 purchases i have just had 1 bad experience where i did not receive what i payed for and then i had to purchase it again + pay for shipping wicha was way more expensive than the product itself. it cost me a lot of money in sales and i was nto properly handled by my provider.
everything was good,  I do not see any negative aspect of it, it was my first experience with it  and I had no trouble   so no complains... so.far!!
I like the companies I'm dealing with currently. There was one lady who seemed to be happy the corona virus hit America. She is an insult to humans...I blocked her and deleted her messages.Just happy I found people I can deal with.
1) cannot get a hold of person on chat when needed2) The trade assurance seems scammy - terms are not realistic and in favor of the seller. eg. XX amount of days after payment, so the seller can take 1 year to produce good with 50-90% down and take their time, I also feel that the guarantee would not be honored but I hope this is not the reality.
keep the buyer safe
Everything went smoothly except for shipping.  I would however prefer that my credit card not get billed until such time that i have received the product instead of trying to reverse transactions if there is a dispute.
Very efficient and informative throughout delivery.
It's a good idea for maintaining open and honest relations business, which is always a good thing.
I would always recommend AliBaba. I've had great experiences.
N/C
I will recommend
safe trading
Because I was not informed by Alibaba before the Trade Assurance expired, I was only informed after the fact. I had not received my order, and in fact I still am waiting for it. My vendor promised 3-5 days shipping with DHL, and at the end has shipped using a shipping company which had not delivered after 15 days in transit.Lies, lies
Trade assurance is a joke. Your automatic receipt confirmation policies makes it comically easy for sellers to game the system. I had a seller mark something as shipped, stall for 1.5 weeks, give me a tracking number, then a few days the item was automatically marked as received. Now I have to sit here and hope that I actually got the product!You need to REQUIRE tracking information in order for that policy to work!
Regulary we meet non trusted traders
Everything was top?
Havent received my product and you closed the order.  This is a scam.
not have this problem
Didn't receive package in time promised.  Sent email requesting refund and said it sent out that day.  Received on door step on 5-10-20. Wrote return to sender as I already had to do testing through the clinic at higher cost due to delay.  No longer needed. Was promised refund 2 weeks ago and haven't seen it yet.  Finally filed with credit card to get refund.
good support
Reason is because there is so much suppliers, that you have to go through, it could take you months to order and test the product to find someone reliable.  There are alot of suppliers on here selling knock off clothing where they are using other people pictures and its not the authentic item.  Or stores on here that no longer exist and they have changed their name.
Alibaba performance became essentially better because of using credit cards, and possibility for fast shipping by express mail. Trade assurance is also very important addition.Major disadvantages are as follows: 1) different prices for various buyers, neither eBay nor Amazon does it. 2) Occasionally the sellers add the cost of products into the cost of shipment. 3) There is no opportunity to combine several purchases, and to make one shipment inside Alibaba services. Thanks
fast transactions
Very reliable, nice to have peace of mind when purchasing
Good
1-ALI BABA DID NOT RETURN MY MONY BACK2-ALIBABA ALLOW SUPLIER WHICH DONT HAVE EXPORT CERTIFICATE TO DEAL WITH INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMERSTHEN ITS LIKE MAFYA THE SUPLIER CANCLE THE ORDER AND ALIBABA GOT HIS FEE EVEN THE DEAL CANCELVERY BAD
Reliable
To many fake offers! Advertising for mask 0,01$ or 0,08$ and when you make the order you get an email that the mask cost now 0,23$ or more.
I would recommend to Business Owners. Not so much to my customers.
the interface is not clear. RFQ is hard to find if your in the message menu. Messages are often send with a delay. An option to order your messages in categories would be helpful
Because I had a legitimate claim against a past vendor (Aier Inflatables), and despite my completing the form contesting the charges in very detailing form - including submitting photos showing the bad craftsmanship - you gave the vendor additional time over and over to respond. Then when they finally did, you didn't do your job and act as a third-party intermediary...which you claim you are. Trade Assurance and Alibaba are a joke!
Shipping delays and because of non refundable credit card fee.  Even when order had to be cancelled due to a seller misinformation of product.
I find all products here
Good
We feel more secure
buen servicio
A seller tried to rip me off
My two orders worked out well.
ALIBABA  made charges on my credit card higher than quoted!!!!BURGLARSI currently have problems in Guatemalan customs to import the product purchased on alibaba, because the price does not match the transaction charged on my credit card (therefore customs assumes that I am declaring a lower value and thus paying less taxes in my country) it is your mistake to collect more than quoted and accepted with the seller
Only because here in Chile, there's a 12-hour lag between China, so it's difficult to get a good hour to talk with providers.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it secure your payment if anything happens with your order. It is there for a backup!!
Love it
Sometimes the seller win
no comment
No obvious concerns
I have not had any trouble with it, so I would simple let people know that I have had good experiences with Alibaba and Trade Assurance Service.
The availability of the service is great. I am just experiencing representatives sending me the wrong items, delays on my deliveries due to mistakes, and being told that my logo can go certain areas on the item before trying then being told otherwise after. Or items not being available after it being said that it is. Otherwise, no other issues.
Make me feel secured about my payment.
the best in all the world!!! thanks Jack Ma I love you :)
good
Simplicity
No brindan atención y tienen vendedores que estafan
It sounds like a good service. However I have not used it so I cant fully rate it a 10.
Complicated, should be more user friendly
everything is nice and smooth!!!
I can't make payment with checking. I faced difficulty so many times. I always have to go to bank to wire
gives extra security
EUR to USD conversion rate is very expensive.And if I choose to pay to USD account it is in Singapur.Please consider opening USD account in Europe!
provides assurance that money will be refunded in case the supplier does not deliver
I had a complaint about an order and "trade assurance" did nothing.
very easy to deal with
i recommend tradd assurance
very long treatment. reimbursement smaller than payments. request evidence when there is no need !! because package not received ...
Never had an issue with it, bought probably 100 times from Alibaba now and sellers always give what they are offering because I guess they know they have to with trade assurance.
High transaction fees
Safe
is very good
None
the service is in favor of the supplier when they are ask to solve a  dispute.
So far I had a good experience, buying through Alibaba
i not reseved all.
Fully compliant
Trade assurance service protects buyers from unscrupulous sellers.
shipping charges are rather expensive. aliexpress seems more convenient.
Safety
Wish the messaging interface was better and more user friendly.
The apparel is high quality and customer service is great ! Fast shipping and they helped me with the design in a timely manner!
I was basically timed out on a review of an order that's yet to be delivery.  I didn't get a chance to reply, and said the order hasn't arrived yet.
It’s very safe and secure
A bit slow but it is effince
As of now, my only complain is that most of your suppliers dont reply. And also freight are quite high & takes a long time to reach me, maybe because of the Covid problem. Hope this will be better when things get back to normal. Tnx :)
Is easy contact the sellers and is efectiv.
Optimal sales service.
I love the assurance that no one will run off with my money. Very safe and efficient.
Not refunding the transaction fee when the order is canceled because the supplier did not fulfill their responsibility. The supplier should have to pay this not the buyer.
I do not understand what the trade assurance is or does
Buyer protection service.
are the best , easy way to buy new products, payment so fast, very safe , i love it , good picture, good videos, all information, many languages ,
I HAVENT HAD TO MAKE ANY CLAIMS SO IM GRATEFUL
I feel sure buying
When I provided all the evidence required (print screens of emails, conversations, pictures, videos, agreements), I still felt Alibaba dispute centre was leaning on the Suppliers side. I should have received more compensation from the Supplier but they did not comply which was very disturbing with my new frequent orders. Also, the dispute centre took way to long to coordinate and come to a conclusion. It's been almost 2.5 months.
Because it is safe and secure..
Thank you for your support
I did not receive the product I was sold. I received fake mask.
The sale rep was super responsive .
not recommend for me but it is still not understandable for me
Son serios y muy profesionales
We are waiting for this product from April 12 up Today , and Mr. Allen the person we have contact, never have a true answer from the supplier
Very informative and dealt with my refund quickley
I have had bad dealings in the past with bank wire transfers only to find out the business did not have the product or shipped really slow,
i feel very comfortable paying with the trade assurance.
price changecurrently i have an order that the seller will not ship to me but wants me to pick it upthis is a terrible experience in all areas
the best ideea ever ..even the chinese people are 110 % trustfull ..
I would not recommend because they are always in favor of the seller and not the buyer, for more evidence that is shown
I bought item from alibaba for the first time. Seller told me that item will reach to me in max 7-10 days and charged me hell lot of money for fast shipping. It has been several days, I have not received the item and the seller have stopped responding. You all are cheaters.
It was a safe transaction, fast delivery and high quality
All of the vendors are very helpful and respond quickly
I would like a cheaper credit card comission being charged.
I always know my order is correct. The people I have done business with have been more than helpful.
The right and duties of the parts in the contract are clear (so the rules are clear)  but the application of the rule is not enforced and the dispute seems not to take into consideration the rules that Alibaba itself has set up.Moreover the process in case of a dispute is too long, despite clear statements in regards on the rights and duties of the seller, and despite plenty of proof brought to Alibaba's dispute team attention it is hard to get refunded even if the evidence is clear.Example: If the contract states that the shipment must happen ON OR BEFORE March 31st 2020 and the seller ships the goods on April 15th - or does not ship at all - or fails to proof the shipment, the reimbursement should be automatic because this is an information that can be clearly verified in less than a minute.
I would recommend the Trade Assurance service. It gives me confidence to place an order.
very slow
Do what Amazon does with these situations! They refund almost immediately once they figure out that supplier hasn’t delivered or doesn’t have product in stock & then Amazon chases down supplier for the refund. This experience is a nightmare b/c Alibaba let’s the supplier play games with & abuse the buyer/customer. I escalated a week ago & haven’t gotten a response from Alibaba or the supplier. Terrible service. Again just do what Amazon does. They are the market leader in e-commerce
It gives a level of assurance we normally don't get when dealing with another country.
n/a
Every time i use a credit card on this platform my card gets used for fraud shortly after and it causes much unnecessary inconvenience with having to get new cards.   This ONLY happens after using this platform!
Trade assurance is great The vendors are responsive and so are the support Aliexpress is terrible
Very good Trade Assurance service.
Great
Peace of mind
Nice platform but website needs improvement.
We are a 12-year old European business. Till this day, we have not encountered a service regarding payment methods that is more limited than Ali Baba's Trade Assurance. So many different choices at first sight - after all, we only have one option, if we want to continue using Trade Assurance. That is the T/T method, which is slow (3-7 business days processing) - as it is well known, the suppliers often start producing the order after receiving the full payment. Our hope was in the card payment - but unfortunately, this stopped working because of "security reasons" that the support could not elaborate. So, Trade Assurance might be some kind of an insurance for the orders, but it is not at all convenient for us because of the payment method situation.
I didnt recieve my product and it been over a month
A lot of parcels get lost easily and the delivery prices re way too high for a little amount of clothes compared to other sites.
Good products offered at good prices.
I requested more time for dispute and was not given it
Every body is safe, we are a long way from each other, business needs ti be sure when goods are ordered they are paid for, customers need to be sure they get what they paid for, China is a long way away
fast, security, clear information, to much of products
Very reliable, great craftsmanship, quick response.
it works 24/7
Stop to send me more than 300 mails for same order !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (To day at noon )
It puts me on the secure site. This is a very good tracking system. customers have always a good overwiew of transportation timeline. ......................
Easy transaction, Excellent Communication
Dispute in progress, ask me after; note: tool used shows 8.5mm, scale has been offset in seller's photo. I would like to uplaod another photo...
The product I paid for has been going since February, at first it was lost, now I don't know its status, where it is, whether it will come.
My item is stuck with  someone and nobody is helping me
"I have been cheated by 11 year GOLD member of Alibaba ALBAMA ENGINE PARTS FACTORY			FOSHAN CREATIVE INDUSTRY PARK, JIHUA 4TH ROAD, FOSHAN, CHINA						We paid advance and never received the goods, complaint 2 times with Alibab but they close  Complaint No. 9260448Complaint No. 9261123Regards,Randeep"
Because even through so many traders are registered with trade assurance, they refuse to do business through that service. Mainly because they say they wont get money to prepare especially for large orders that we are going to place with them. So they always insist on upfront payment directly to their bank which results in no deal.
We ask for some good 1 month ago and they havent arrive. Alibabab customer service have not been helpful at all
I have been harassed threatened and blackmailed with no protection from your side
Seriosity,fast response
It's a safe media for buyer and seller to make transaction, good job
not really
Because I feel that when some of the suppliers push you to buy more quantity and you don't know they or their product.  Then when they here that you a sample then they charge you an arm and a leg.  Which is not good.  Also I request that my terms are DDP and they said they can't which I know is not true.  So here are some reason why.
Easy and fast to do.
We cam trust.
Everything is ok
very convenient and help business
nil
i would recommend cause they do great work just the way you wont it.
would reccomend, a lot of divers suppliers,but you need to invest for searching.
I do like.  What I don't like is vendors misrepresenting their price on their ad page and when final pricing is requested it's significantly higher.  You could easily monitor on advertised vs. sale price.
payment problem
fast shipping and good quality products
Assurance
perfect
My number one reason for recommending a service like this is peace-of-mind in case anything goes wrong.
The business opportunity, but the cost of shipping, the communication break down, and the language barrier sometimes present an issue. Additionally some suppliers aren't forthright in there dealings. for a small business owner the wrong deal could make or brake your business.
Trade Assurance orders give me piece of mind that the goods will arrive in good condition and match what was ordered. This allows me to order with confidence.
The security transactions
no
Great
You guys have everything. You guys are great.
n/a
Awesome!  Goods are high quality and good price and fast answers.
If I would recommend it for the variety of products, prices, security in the purchase as it has the backing of trade assurance and verified supplier
Good prices, but it's still China.
I've had a good experience.  Arrived on time and quality product
Most of case, the suppliers are very kind and reliable.Also, huge amount of companies are serving for customer. That makes customers have broad choices.
At times the communication with suppliers can be difficult and there
customer service when filing a complaint is very bad
Cost
I would recommend it because somehow my money is safe
They have good products and like how I'm able to see how many people have actually purchased it
Great service
I really do like Trade Assurance. I only have reservations of recommending alibaba to anyone because I feel like alibaba is a businesses best kept secret. Alibaba is a great tool and i would recommend to another business as long as we are not competing against one another.
The service helped to get the goods without any problems.
keeps giving error and cancels refund request out of my control.
Dispute Department inefficiency making fair judgement to protect Buyer's benefit even we supply evidence that Sellers breach of Contract failing to ship products on time and supply substandard products.
N/A
I like the trade assurance.  Suppliers seem much more responsive than a few years ago.
The lack of clarity in alot of descriptions and communication efforts causes for delays to determine the correct products to order.  I do appreciate the quality of the products at the value found in the market on Alibaba.
Tracking very confusing. Can't tell why my order is delayed or where it is.
I have made a purchase of merchandise for $ 19,000 and the merchandise is being held in customs due to problems in the tariff item indicated in the supplier
It makes transactions easier and secure
...
I think in an online market its really important to be able to have reassurance that if something goes wrong, theres someone to help.
I am testing them currently so I cannot say as yet
No
-
there is variety of products to explore in no time
easy and safe
So far, we have had no issues regarding the trade assurance service and cannot provide details due to little experience.
the shipping cost doesn't seem accurate... seems like it is whatever the supplier puts. sometimes supplier takes very long to answer, or doesn't reply at all.
Mr. Lukas DokoupilCompany Name→Radomil Dokoupil - DIMEX1,000 Euro was scammed.He seid add me +447405874270.I sent 1,000Euro Western Union. Refarence No. 67695880I received a message from him.DHL Ref number # 2920102001However, the product does not come at all.What about fraudulent security?Why do they have gold qualifications?plz 1000 € Return me.please.Unable to live.He is fraud.Can give all the evidence.
Some companies do not respond to inquiries.
no
Because is safe for the coustomer
Trade secrets.
I don't know it well eough yet.
very simple to find products
Problem with quality issues after unpackaging items. after some time.
Good for business
is a great warranty
n/a
I would recommend but concerned about shipping dates being extended
Good merchandise
easy payment
I'd recommend it because this is my first order and I already need it!  Really turns me off from buying from a company directly in China though.  I'm answering "Neither dissatisfied nor satisfied" because my case isn't done yet.
i boght many thing from trade assurance,when it come to dispute ,you are bias and not encourage the international  buyer, and you are allowing not register product to register and deceived customer,which is not in conformity with  the business rule,the sale us product with out papers and if we apply for refund you disregards our request,is a proud.and mis guide,you have to specify each papers for export and  for home used
it is not real, the supplier tricks us and no help from alibaba
Simple, my money is protected.It can be a little frustrating, but keeps suppliers on their toes.
As, i just had parcel posted to me, incorrect tracking number has been entered into my order, and now order looks like it's been delivered to be , but it was not. I've asked the company to change the delivery details in alibaba - but they couldnt . so incorrect information is displaying and i still do not have my parcel.
It s awesome
they will buy direct themselves and we loss our business
I recommend trade Assurance service because it is what it suppose to be....
very important due to transportation that may be sometimes questionnable
Fast and secured
The assurance is released on delivery before I have a chance to test the product.
it is safe
Complicate to update my account
I would recommend Trade Assurance
the shipping is quite expensive, and it did take a long time to arrive
Na
Whenever there is a dispute, customer service is awful through Alibaba.  Takes a long time to get answers, and usually a fair resolution is not reached.  For example, if you use an outside inspection company, it fails inspection, then Alibaba requires you to use their company and pay for that.  If inspection company is certified, this should be all that matters.
competition
Recommend
The supplier was late because it used Alibaba shipping services. I could not contact anybody about this problem.
Good service
I am very happy and satisfied with the Alibaba platform.
I Have applied for a refund for goods that were not sent. Since applying for this refund Alibaba have completed the transaction to the supplier.
I would recommend TAS as it offers protection and peace of mind. That service helps to foster deals that otherwise might not happen or could take longer due to lack of trust.
It has provided a sense of confidence in the process of product acqusition
1
i would recommend
Never received my product. Entered a dispute and you told me to wait longer. Next I know you are saying the order is complete.
Not exactly familiar with it.
Safe way of doing business.
The service is poor.
I'm not sure
Easy and effective
Really, in all the cases they only think about poisoning the seller, no matter who is right.
You are the best!
They Shipped my Item very fast.They are very clean and organizeThanks
Sometimes the price you see is not what is quoted to you by the company.
Reasonable prices
sguridad y confianza
Shipment can take a long time and spotty response
No es exactamente el producto que pedí (Irvingia Gabonensis). Esto no es el mango africano que anuncian. Y sabe a mierda!!!!!
It seems like good insurance, but i've never had to be refunded.
Is missing a lot of control, some people and companies are not reiable, show a product but when arrive to the client is other products and with deffetcs. Inpection service is other problem, really bat work. They send take some pictures and send the information and all ok. Really bt service. I dont unsderstand how some product are exported if they have really but quality. You are needing most control and selective manufactures  and sellers or Alibaba will be have bad reputation. Of course I understand that all companies are your clients they are money for Alibaba because that you dont have serious control with them.
My first experience with Alibaba was a pleasant and easy one. I am just starting my online business and my first supplier was wonderful to work with and shipped samples to me quickly.
internet communication is a bit complicated
Quality & Fast Delivery
I was apprehensive at first doing business through Alibaba.  Luke Pan was/is my contact for the products I ordered.  He was very helpful - but it took me a few days to be comfortable enough to order.  Now he is my "go to" guy.
I orderd a set of cake frosting spatulas and the shipping charge was $28.00 on a $2.00 item and the expodited shipping cost I should have receiveed my shippment in 12 days. It was shipped to the wrong address after 40 days and it was not the item I ordered. A set of meat spatulas shoed up.The company I ordered the product offered to refund or pay for the shipping cost, that has not been refunded yet.
shipping takes a bit long
Tough to communicate sometimes
I have a serious problem about refund process that Trade Assurance Service have no solved yet. This trouble happened because the supplier does not paid the refund fee of $30.00 and we were obligated to pay for that and Alibaba said that problem was caused for mistake on the our bank account number, being that Alibaba's trade assurance service had already verified our bank account.  We have no received refund of US$ 50,000.00 so far and we need a lot of receive that.
Products can be custom made.It can take and has taken a lot of time and patience to communicate your needs.Sometimes it requires quite a bit of patience.
You guys side with the seller always. so stupid
BEST
ITS QUICK RESOURCING WITH AMPLE POSSIBILITY AND VAST SELECTION AND CHOICES
Fast and good
While I had a good experience so far with two suppliers, there are many who are falsely advertising prices. For example, an advertisement can say MOQ is 100 and pricing is from 0.01 - 0.15 each. With assuming that the MOQ would be charged at the highest amount, 0.15, I am interested in putting in the order. Then the supplier messages and states that the price is double the amount. This is disturbing. All accurate information should be disclosed on advertisement or if it is a product where price changes, no price should be listed and all inquiries should go through the supplier. I feel like this is false advertisement and the price that is showing should be honored.
I do not know if it actually works to soon to tell. The survey is premature, reissue the survey at a later time.
Very professional and secure.
It s a good platform.
this seller has been super helpfull . highly recommended
Due to it we can work with our suppliers without a worry in mind.Alibaba gave us a great security in terms of our investment.
the question was about alibaba , not trade assurance
I would recommend because this trade assurance service can guarantee the quality of products indirectly.
Some of the products have been block to view to US customers by Alibaba. It is cause people disappointment.
I would recommend trade assurance if it allowed me to also use my husband's credit card. My husband primarily makes the purchases for the purpose of credit/documenting and the service only approved me to use my card on this account, so it forces us to go through Ali Express for the other items we need.
All the people have been extremely kind and communicate timely.
i like your services,
No reason
Problems with disputes. You have not rules with chemical powders
i would recommend trade assurance, because it gives satisfaction especially someone is buying first time
After not receiving any product, or getting answers for weeks from a supplier we purchased goods from, The Alibaba system marked my order as complete while I was trying to get a refund. The system seems to be fixed to cheat you as a buyer and keep your money far from protecting you. In my original request for a refund, it asked me to try to solve the issue with the seller, and after doing that and proceeding for the refund, the system starts acting defective not allowing you to complete your refund, and ends up marking your order as completed, and does not give you a visible option to correct it if it was a mistake. Evidently created to cheat .
Ive had a few bad transaction with Alibaba and i don't place frequent orders so a few is a lot
shipping times are too long Chinese sellers are smart first they say they have shipped, then they say they have problems and the goods leave after 1 month that has been paid! with the consequence that the insurance expires after 30 days and the customer does not know if he will receive his goods paid 1 month before!
it was confusing at first but I received the goods and they were satisfactory.  The air freight was very expensive.
It works good with me both times I used the service.
Recommend :)
VERY GOOD SERVICES
me resulta muy dificil usar la aplicacion,por el idima,nunca tengo claro lo que tengo que hacer porque viene todo en ingles,por lo demas bien.
Trade Assurance time period is very short. please extend time period
yes recommend Trade Assurance
offers me safety from sellers with less than 2 years of business
it's take so long some handle problem transaction.
easy and comfortable to use for everyone
very easy to use and very good informations
Because I was delivered defaut goods and you are doing eveythink to avoid helping me
FIZ UMA COMPRA, N?O ME ENVIARAM E N?O ME DEVOLVEM O DINHEIRO.
i already have refund and fast the next day
Competence and precision. Kind chat support.
Easy to use and friendly staff
feel confident to make a deal with supplier
They send me the wrong product
I have had no issues and i have ordered lots of goods.
Shipping
My queries was entertained professionally and replied promptly..
We haven't gotten the products, yet.
Good plataform so far.
Very expensive
It is very difficult to get suppliers to use Trade Assurance.  They ALL try to get you off of the Trade Assurance and Alibaba.com platform.
some vendors do not answer on time
cannot get refund or talk to anyone.  I have tried many times.
No communication with companies
I am having an extremely difficult time tracking an order I made April 17th, 2020 it is now May 5th, 2020 and I still have not gotten any kind of update on where my package is.
sn
The user interface is easy to understand.
I don’t know
I find it the best wholesale sales portal out there.
I had issues with the delivery but that was due to covid-19 lockdown here in NZ I have since received my order and am very satisfied thank you
Efficient communication, patient, quick and dependable!
I am very satisfied with the costumer service and also how easy is to find new fabricant.
I don't know what it is.
Haven't had any problems
NEW TO COMPANY NOT YET COMFORTABLE WITH IT HAVING TROUBLE WITH AN ORDER
Certain manufacturer take longer than expected to respond. These shipments are very time sensitive so i wish they would be more mindful of that.
I've been tricked by Chinese supplier, i couldn't find any easy way to contact alibaba and get my money back from him. your "trade assurance" is close to non existent. no phone # no " submit contact request"  no means of contact except endless and essentially pointless pages of help support, that do nothing.
What I love about Aliababa is that it is possible and easy to get intouch with factories who have the experience and supplies in order to make one of your designs.
It is a good option for the protection and guarantee of money
one time
not very clear
I noticed several vendor advertise one price on alibaba when you reach out to them they direct you to whatsapp and provide you with a much higher price. This has happened to me with several vendors
i would recommend trade assurance service because its just nice to know that if something goes wrong you get your money back and its well settled
This service has wonderful customer service. quick responses and fast delivery.
It's perfect!
...
Fast secure
miss sold and product did not arrive, was asked to double my shipment to complete the order
I had a contract under trade assurance, but i didnt have the chance to use the service, my suplier was verry good and had no problem with my goods.
I have never had an issue, however, I feel that it adds an extra layer of protection if there were an issue.
Alibaba is working well for me so far.  Thank you.
It adds an extra layer of trustworthiness on behalf of the supplier.
Very good protection for us as a buyer
Trade Assurance was cancelled during pending order although i payed directly to supplierIn other cases worked very good!!
My order has never shown up and it was paid for almost 2 months ago.
Becuase it is safe trading
los vendedores aveces no son serios por ejemplo tengo un envio que pague hace 4 meses es aun no lo e recibido
I have ever had to use Trade assurance but from the reviews I have read, it seems like Alibaba does not help in the case of dispute.
transaction fee charge very high
Great Service
Alibaba you are great, its not your fault, due to Covid-19 , I didn't get any of my goods of more than a month and a half due to lockdown of transit cities, I'm so afraid, my protection is ending, and I bought hundred of dollars, makes me very uncomfortable, like what if the goods arrived with missing items, what if sellers already knew there are delays and take advantage of it by sending orders with missing items relying on end of protection time. The problem is I'm shipping from seller to China forwarder, and he will send me, so when tracking says delivered I actually didn't get it, it went to another shipping company in China to send it to me. You made great help be extending another 15 days, but still this is not enough to cover the huge period of time those goods are taking.
Non
very easy to navigate
JUST EASY TO WORK WITH
The sellers dont speak english
Very helpful service and your platform is easy to navigate.
Easy and safe way to start business and built up business cooperation with trust.
Provide Excellent service and follow-up.
been using it and all is well with my orders and security .
satisfactory
keep it up
If Any product problem or buyer dont received product then Alibaba dont help to Buyer to get refund. I have been doing long time business on Alibaba and have seen that Alibaba always support seller which is very very bad for world business. Thank you
For confidence in the purchase
Because it is safe and reliable
There needs to be more clear and transparent information on what the service does exactly.
With the amount of time that passes between order and receipt it's good to know you are likely to get your items, because they have to be verified.
the transaction fee is a bit high, plus the exchange rate , add up it is quite high
I was pleased with the quick response I received during my transaction.
yes
For the security of the purchase
When you use your phone with the app, it will not transfer correctly on the computer correctly. no information about orders or messages, pop up on the computer because the phone has been used. its a technical issue i suppose. hope this helps.
good
Great products at fair pricing
Very good service
credit card information was hacked and someone try to purchase $30,000 on Alibaba which credit card company notified and stopped. Also, there was already one credit that they used and we cannot track for $1970 some dollars
Took more than a month for shipping and I still did not get my product.
hoops to jump thru to get problem corrected
I WILL RECOMMEND IT FOR THE SPEED WITH WHICH THEY PROCESSED THE RETURN OF THE MONEY FOR THE VALUE OF GOODS THAT I DID NOT RECEIVE, WAS AN EXCELLENT SERVICE.
efficience
Beause,when you see something want they no more you need to buy more sometimes 100 that is why
Too complicated and delivery unreliable.
2 tables were broken
Trade assurance is great only if the seller is allowed to use the trade assurance.
none
Trade Assurance protect the seller but not protect the customer. I lost my money for spark plugs from my another account narina-akopova@mail.ru and Alibaba do not refund me money but in all another big online platforms if the package not received its seller responsibility
the opportunity
because it is safe
na
My order was damaged. Disputed issue with Alibaba. Generic replies and no way to have proper conversation. my evidence and sections of the trade assurance I should have been protected under was ignored. Only a partial refund was assigned, yet still refunded. Very poor service. Trade Assurance is in favour of the suppliers. VERY POOR.
Excellent service and good communications
excellent, simple and reliable.
Good overall
It has a safety net of trade assurance.
The messaging is a little difficult to follow. I think some work could be done there.
secure, good prices, good products and reactivity.
Always good service
Great products at great prices .
the shipping time frame and the shipping cost
recommend Ali Baba for its Fair pricing and ability to personalize
It's very safe to use. The service is excellent &lt;3
easy to use
prix attractif, sécurité en payant sur la plateformele negatif, des arnaqueurs qui arrivent a avoir membre gold 2 ans ou plus
?
no
it is a garantee
Easy to use for most people. Safe and secure
I would.  But I would tell people to watch out cause things aren't always as it seems.
not have
The costumer service is low, I bought some products and received less amount than the amount already payed, and still havent any response..
I like your service and all the product you have available, the prices are very good, of course I recommend you as the best!!!
Es muy bueno en prontitud de respuesta, en seguridad de los productos, en cambios si es el caso y todo perfecto.
Of course, I will recommend Alibaba
I think the site is a bit difficult to navigate.  I don not like that everything I click on opens another window.
Safe and easy to deal with.
I would recommend alibaba because the business I did went very well and I am very pleased with the company where I bought my yoga mats but especially with the way the employee conducted the business from the kindness of treatment to professionalism.
Alibaba connects buyers with sellers easily
Good security when paying
I would recommand it because I have tested it
It's a secure service for international customers. You feel your money safe during all the buying process.
Hi Today:  I needed Electronic PARTS.. I could not find them Locally..  I found a place that could supply the parts to me..  I ORDERED the Parts ..  they shipped them to me..  I received the Parts I ORDERED..  Thank You very much for Processing and Shipping my ORDER..         William Oxner
es  rapido y seguro, 100%
no tengo contactos fiables
I have 2 orders PENDING with a supplier that I trust and want to do business with on Alibaba. However, when I tried to CANCEL an order because it was wrong, I couldn't get a real person to talk to. All I wanted to do was CANCEL the order and RE-ORDER with different amounts.Now my supplier is GRUMP/ANGRY at me because I want a REFUND in order to start over.I wish I could just erase out the orders that are there so I can get the products that I want. Can you help?George R Haynes / CEO
great way of doing business
My last two purchases had failed. Suppliers haven't  accomplished the purchase correctly.I have one situation where the company decided to "apparently" send the goods even when I asked them not to, because they were out of time. their service was not good. Also another soap base company, had me waiting for two months for the bL, now I know they haven't send the goods, and I had to ask PayPal for the money back. They don't even answer.Back of those, experience  has been good, but right now is a bad moment  to ask.
The Alibaba dispute process isn't very user friendly
great service
Suppliers are usually quick to respond. High quality at a low price.
site com variedades de produto e fornecedores.
Trade Assurance didnt help me recover any money from a seller who failed to package with care. Now Im stuck with items that are unsellable and Trade Aussurance did nothing. Worthless promise. My items were damaged by the carrier, the damage is due to failure to package with care. This problem is that of the seller and the carrier NOT THE BUYER. This is also clearly stated in the Trade assurance terms, but when I actually went to use Trade Assurance to correct this problem, they rebutted me and offered no help, in very poor english. Simply put Trade Assurance is a lie
My contact Rainy has been outstanding! She's helped me with all my orders and couldn't be happier! Thank you Rainy!
Refining search filters for Alibaba sometimes doesn't help in finding the accurate search results I need.
Product met specifications.
shipping and import duties make many purchases not worth it.
GOOD SERVICE
i am satisfied and will recommend others to this site
I like the quick response of the sellers, but I already had an experience in delay of receiving my order and I did not like it, they sold me something that was not in stock
Seller's and recommended products are often identical. Would like more variety. Sometimes product listing pricing isn't accurate when talking to supplier.
scam .. you guys have to take care about scam !!!!
I have warranty
Some fake suppliers in the platform.
,
You have to double and triple check what suppliers are offering. I have to send all samples to a lab to confirm whether or not a supplier is honest.
I cannot give my opinion yet until I have completed an order from start to finish. One order has been shipped and I have not confirmed if products have arrived in perfect condition.  However, I don't think that I could do business without having the insurance of "Trade Assurance"
very easy to deal with
Not enough experience with the product to provide a reason at this time
I trusted the Trade Assurance services and risked my money on purchasing goods from a supplier. All the goods arrived damaged and not what we ordered and now I have been for weeks dealing with your agents and they are always giving me excuses and putting blocks for us to get our refund. We lost $2,377 on this process and we cannot use the damaged goods that were sent to us.Alibaba is not good.
very efficient
You offer a lot of options for products and materials and you have a good  service throughout the purchase process
The web site needs to be improved. Need to sort mail easier.
many options to chose from
la recomendaría por la seguridad que te brindan y la rapidez que es hacer negocios con ellos
Very hard to use and navigate
I can always find what I am looking for. The searches work great.
none
Secure and reliable
Very professional and honest.
I would recommend for the variety of product but also not recommend because some sellers are very bad on here
Service on Alibaba.com is satisfactory.
The services are very reliable  and fast. many suppliers to choose from and above all you get what you want and quality not compromised.
N/A
Everithing ok
Dont really understand the value of it
Good marketplace, great service and reliable vendors.
a safe feeling when ordering abroad
is a good service
many suppliersgood discipline
The nature of my business requires me to keep my sources a secret.
Trade assurance
What this company delivered isn't what they advertised. Foshan fensiyu clothing co. ltd
Very happy with the service
пока всё устраивает
Because work great, a lot of suppliers!
esay to use
Great exerpience
GREAT SERVICE AND SPEEDY RELIABLE DELIVERY
Trade  Assurance is a joke, theres no customer support, the suppliers can do whatever they want. Charge whatever, the experience has been nothing short of harassment.
Simple straight forward
very good service
me gusta
They see you as Competitor
Easy to use
reliability, seriousness!!
all ok, but the shipping takes too long.
My dispute about vacuum autoclave is still unresilved after a month of waiting.
Нет такой причины. Я вас рекомендую!
Excellent
??? ???? ???? ?????? ?? ??????
Alibaba is a fantastic way to find the right manufacturer for your goods
Secure business options
ok
Great service offered, buyer protection(trade assurance) is brilliant easy to place and receive orders, shipments are fast and hassle free. Great prices from very friendly and helpful sellers.
I have not checked yet its reliability
Good cooperation
Wonderful selection/range of services, confidence in suppliers and making payments.
I would recommend Alibaba but you need to make sure to not exploit people.
bars we buy came out faulty. we wanted to return and made a refund apply but it was not accepted. We're about $10,000 in damages and can't use these faulty bars.Trade Assurance has no meaning.
I need an online option to get invoice for credit card transaction fee.Right now you want me to fill an excel file and send it via email. that is ridiculous.please add an easy option to make it easier. thank you.
As a shopper i don?t feel protected. they sold me a Android Screen Navigation for my Hyundai and it has a lot of errors and Alibaba doen?t do anything to help me. i am telling all my friends and customers i know about my bad experience.
it's very convenient to use alibaba to buy what we need and also at reasonable cost.
fast service
I have always recommended and will keep recommending Alibaba for so many reason. Firstly for its easy access to communicate with the seller directly. Secondly is the easy payment access and many more.
Because most of the sellers sells inferior goods different what they displayed on the site.and some send inferior good to places like Nigeria once they realize you buying to Africa and not within china or the united states.
It is easy to use and the service and Trade Assurance are very helpful.
No specific benefit yet. Most suppliers require large quantity order.
Low cost and delivered on time.
The options of Verified supplier is very good. I never had any problems with my orders (just one time but we fixed the problem).
высокая конкуренция в моей отросли
No, all is fine. Thanks
just the Price of Product before choosing and and placing the order changed
it can make sure that the supplier will deliver the products in time
I Woul Recommend because alibaba is fast company at all of package..
easy to use
website should be more user friendly, too much going on.
Prices are reasonableI can contact and chat with the suppliers (sellers) before item is shippedCancellation is possibleRefund is possibe
i recommend them
Website is very difficult to use. For example,1. I use my phone to chat with supplier. BUT in the web, I can't find it where to go to that conversation. I have to go to my favorite--&gt; Favorite supplier--&gt; chat--&gt; then I can find the conversation with ALL suppliers I'm talking to.**I don't know what is message center is for. It's useless!!!***2. When I search for something....let's say "silver chain necklace"- search result come out--&gt; I can't compare price easily. Some supplier say 0.75USD/1pcs. another supplier is 1.5USD/10 pcs. When I choose arrange price "low to high"--&gt; your search result will arrange  0.75USD comes before 1.5USD BUT it's  different unit and arrage it out. It's soooooooo confusing!!!***Why NOT Alibaba? use the same unit compare price/pc so that I don't have to calculate again.****PLEASE Make your web easier to use. Comparing with Aliexpress is much easier. Feel like talking to real people.
Easy and fast
Todo me ha ido de maravilla.
Great and so healpfull
because the quality of the product is different, sometimes is very good and some times is very bad
Удобство
1. Security of money transacted.2. Clarity of quality of products purchased.
ok
It is a good platform to market with China.Alibaba has "Trade assurance order"
The trust using the Platform's services is Amazing
fees charges are too high
I got a good supplier from here and I am happy with them
great service
the main reason was, shipping cost is too much than the product cost, just the buy a sample product itself is costing us soo much for shipping, so not able to buy as we dont get much profit. if you could send us the samples atleast for free shipping, then it would be awesome after we test the product and pay for the shipping once we order the bulk. the shipping and delivery time is very late where we are waiting and waiting for the ordered products, no update when it will reach or no tracking number or link to know where the product is and when we will get it. if these two problems are solved, i am ready to promote Alibaba to all my friends and family.thank you and please work on it and do needful
Fast and efficient
pago seguro y excelente servicio los productos llegan estoy muy agradecido
So far everything has been good.
Por ser una excelente plataforma de compras y muy segura.
Alibaba is a bit complicated when it comes to using credit cards and I believe more awareness needs to be made available to potential customers in how to fix the issues or workout the "card declines" but overall I am satisfied with Alibaba.
very prompt reply
Trade assurance gives you peace of mind in knowing that Alibaba is behind the sale.  I stay away from Suppliers that do not want to use Alibaba Trade Assurance.
Easy to deal with
Es rápido y muy fácil
Shipping from supplier to my door is something that I need. I am limited since my experience at buying is still new.
I had an account that Alibaba closed it with no reason. This website has poor customer service.
it' safty for Trade Assurance.
Integrated and efficient platform
I’ve always gotten what I order
Ask the supplier for a manual of the equipment that I bought to get permission to enter my country.I am waiting for your answer, you have not been able to answer my messages
I would recommend alibaba.com service because very accessible, coordination and solving problems.
one thing I dislike about Alibaba is that there is too much haggling on Alibaba. It would be great if prices were reflective of the products being sold. It can be quiet misleading to indicate $1 as the price and when one inquires the price becomes something else.
The services are excellent, trade assurance and payment to an Australian bank worked very well.Communication through Alibaba is very good - I can still contact our supplier and they are still able to answer my questions.
The rates for Amex is very high.
For the most part, they are serious and trustworthy people
No reason
Because they are honest and fair, I wish all their manufactures were.
good service
i recommend it
I would recommend- Dynamic & diverse
I recommend it because it offers a guarantee that the supplier will meet contractual obligations.However, I am neutral about its effectiveness because I have no experience, so far, of the enforcement of this guarantee in case a supplier defaults.
Easy to work with and the I have received excellent customer service,
Alibaba is responsible to the shipping and our payments
Se encuentran cualquier tipo de producto
have many same item in site
Lo recomendaría porque me da la tranquilidad de hacer negocios con personas y empresas reales y facilitan el proceso.
POR QUE NO PROTEGEN AL COMPRADOR TENGO UNA DISPUTA CON UN CHINO QUE MANDO PIRATERIA LA DESTRUYE EL SAT Y NO ME QUIEREN REGRESAR MI DINERO ALIBABA
The way of looking for products is very easy
hard to communicate
pagamento via boleto
Alibaba Service has a reliable and rich supply chain and will continue to use Alibaba service.
I have placed an order and the support and response I got were amazing.
high prices on dhl best place to bee, no discount on orders , cant find a beter online site :)
Its really good service and realiable one.
The only reason I wouldn't is because I want to be a broker for my customers through Alibaba
the trade assurance is only good for 30 days after receiving goods. I have myself now a stock of 1200 pcs of sunglasses that have turned out to be faulty. It is winter here and no selling of sunglasses is taking place and therefore more than 30 days will pass before this faulty manufacturing is discovered.
buenos productos y muy buena atencion por parte de los vendedores.
Nice service
alibaba services are too good
I love the business to business interface where we can contact with suppliers instantly. I love it that the service has an app to keep updated with the option to upload pictures if needed
quick, easy, and reliable. would definitely recommend
I would recommend because. Items received as advertised. Fast shipping
great place to make business
yo puedo encontrar los productos que necesito
Secure payments.
Alibaba has no Quality Check measures on what product the supplier promise and what he sends to the buyerAlibaba has a short timeframe of one month which relates to closing date limit of raising a complain. Alibaba must understand that shipments are mostly by shipping means and its often that a buyer like me buy many products and the whole consignment takes a long time to be one shipment order and then it is shipped from shipping agents warehouse to overseas like me in Australia. The time to raise complaint must be atelast 2 months or could 3  months, should not be one month.
TO MANY THIRD PARTY AGENTS
Easy website with large variety of products
garantia compromiso calidad
ok
POR SU RESPONSABILIDAD CON SUS CLIENTES
I would recommend Alibaba.com to others. Only down side i see is, It is very difficult to feel confident about the supplier.  Many request they contact you via apps.
Because the website offer security in the ecommerce.  So, this help to contact with the international providers that sell products to competitives prices.
I'm having difficulty paying with Credit Card and Verified Bank Account. I have used both of these payment methods in the past. I have done the Identity Check multiple times for the credit card and done the Verification process multiple times for my bank account.Sometimes after the Identity check the credit cards will work. But other times the system says payment failure. This is impossible to do good business if we are always struggling to simply make our payments on time. This needs to be fixed.Every customer service representative we speak  to in the help chat box says it's the system failing the payment for security reasons and they can not override this. They suggest T/T but we do not use T/T. We need our Credit Card payments and Bank Account payments to work the first time, reliably, so we can do good business.Sincerely,Ashe
some quality control issues on production end of some items
Best Vendors! I just don't like log in verification process.
u
Some potential users are eager to use Alibaba for sourcing, but they are very inexperienced and unsophisticated, and would likely make mistakes.  This would just be bad for everyone.  As easy as using Alibaba is, it does require some experience in sourcing to use it well and successfully.
I would recommend due to safety and security of services....
Because trade assurance always gives me rest of mind to order and get my refunds if any seller did not fulfilled their promises of their products sent to me
did not received any refund for damaged product.Alibaba always take side of their paid suppliers
because is the best option for to buy in biggest quanty
I am super grateful, and happy with the way you treat me, as I do to rate your support excellent. the merchandise arrived super fast. thanks a lot.
I can find a lot of diferent products
I find the people that I am working with are doing the best they can to help me grow my business on my end.
I need help because i buy products and they don't comme in. The German Zoll say there is no way.my English is not perfect. i won't my Money back
My contact was very helpful and communicated in a timely manner.
the chat function is difficult - please make these improvements:1. must be able to see the product related the inquiry next to persons name2. must be able to organize conversations by category of product3. must be able to more easily block someone 4. must increase the credit card limit for easier and larger credit card transaction approval process
confedintal
Has worked well for me
On October 15, 2019, I have made a purchase according to order order # 20728615001022611, products that I have canceled via VISA card, but they never came into my possession. I have claimed in this way but never an answer. Therefore the system is NOT reliable
Many errors
It's easy to use, very secure and allows credit card purchases
More beautiful
easy, cheap
Great Concept
Variety of suppliers, possibility to negotiate the price and shipping options
Suppliers care about Alibaba terms, and afraid to go against it.
I can only recommend!
it s safety
easy to use, good deals
super
SE DEMORAN MUCHO EN RESPONDER Y EN LLEGAR LOS PRODUCTOS OFRECEN ENVIO RAPIDO SE PAGA MAS POR ESE SERVICIO Y DESPUES QUE PAGAS NO TE HACEN ESE ENVIO
Very happy with the experience overall.
am not happy with agent who took care of me. he did not wanted to go a extra mile with me. we placed a first time order with him and because of him we recieved wrong parts.
trade allowance
por que no la pagina no es tan facil de navegar, es mejor aliexpress. en cuanto a la forma de ordenar un pedido.
Simplicity and ease of use after some trials.
pretty easy and safe
Salve consiglio gli accuisti solo se il pagamento è  tramite Alibaba.com
Alibaba have good clothes.
Always safe and always satisfactory
f
Very easy service, good communication and a trustworthy seller.
Assurance and guaranteed payment and goods delivery
I like Alibaba.com services. The website is really great with lots of variety and a great tool for conducting business. I am not happy with the billing by using Trade Assurance. I was billed my 30% deposit in Cdn funds which I paid in Cdn funds by bank wire transfer. Then for my final payment I was billed by Alibaba in USD. So Paid my final bill in USD funds by bank wire transfer. When I transferred the money the wire is being returned to me because I paid in USD? I have now lost money on the foreign exchange rate from my bank. I also had to pay two wire fees not just one. My question is if USD will not be accepted then why did Alibaba.com bill me in USD? They should have billed in CDN funds like they did my deposit. Now I have lost money. Not happy.
Always . have good communication with suppliers. receive updated information
I think very well the way in which your company protects its customers but I have not yet received my products and they are already marked as received, I will test the commercial guarantee with some suppliers if the order is not received, it will depend on the attitude that the company takes from alibaba by protecting its customers that will truly trust them.
It needs to reach out learning time for new comers, some get counterfeited by some suppliers since the level of understanding for new buyers due to lowest price seeking.
Your Message service and records service is HORRIBLE. The MESSAGES should be SEPARATE from the QUOTES! How is it that you haven't figured this out??? The account holder should have the option to DELETE Quotes. QUOTES are clutter and a waste of time having to wade through.
Deadline
i recommend
I would recommend Alibaba.
it's easy to use and secure
n/a
A mi el lo personal me ha funcionado muy bien, he encontrado todo lo que busco, y cada vez son mas proveedores los que brindan mejor atención. Es como un concurso de mejoras en costos, servicios, y productos... eso me gusta mucho!
??
Assurance provides peace of mind.
some supplier are not manufacturers but retailers
Very helpful and pleasant.  Sometimes language and how what we call items are a little difficult to communicate.
Very knowledgeable, professional, helpful and friendly representativesTimely delivery of productsA representative is always available to respond to your queries in a timely mannerAffordable productsProducts are made to customers specifications and corrected if sent incorrectly
When there is a refund dispute, the supplier is always favored even when evidence is provided.
Quick response but to make sure with foto, some seller given discorrect parts
They are secure and reliable
There are some companies happy to advertise on Alibaba but not prepared to deal via the Alibaba platform!
confiable y rapida entrega
reliable
the trade assurance is the best tool for the e-commerce
cause it's operating properly and gives you more confident for running your business
Trade Assurance automatically unfreezes the amount of money after some time, it would be good to get a final chance or update before so i can make a final change.
proveedores muy serios y honestos, buen trato al cliente, un excelente servicio
the best online shopping service
BUEN AS NOCHES, REALICE UN PEDIDO DE MUESTRA DE CAPSULAS DE VENENO DE SERPIESTE PARA EL ROSTRO, Y NO HA LLEGADO,  Y SE MUESTRA COMO ENTREGADO, CON EL NUMERO DE SEGUIMIENTO FIGURA QUE FUE ENTREGADO EN TAMPA ESTADOS UNIDOS, Y REALICE EL PEDIDO DESDE JAPON ENVIANDO MI DIRECCION,  ENVIE MENSAJE AL SR. DAN LI, Y NO HE RECIBIDO RESPUESTA SOBRE MI PEDIDO, NO PEDO RESPONDER SU ENCUESTA.  MUCHAS GRACIAS
It's secure
orders are always late
untuk pengalaman yang unik
None
Seems to work for me
Quantities are too high. There are products I would like to purchase and recommend, and would be able to have reasonable shipping. These products are not offered on AliExpress.
Depend on circumstances
because alibaba is the best company in the world.. I also love Jack Ma.
i feel secure buying on alibaba
easy to use
A vast array of manufacturers.
None
i like the assurance when working with new suppliers
The first one i recommend Alibaba service is i can chat the seller directly and can ask technical advises from them before buying the goods. But some seller do not inform actual prices of goods on Alibaba.Sometime,the goods are more expensive than they show on Alibaba.
The prices are fair.  Our country increases the prices too much.  It also puts you in contact with many manufacturers so you have options.
Delivery is fantastic so far, the quality of some items haven't been that great although I've written pleasant comments and some have been exceptional, but the most annoying thing is when companies advertise jewellery as being 14kt or 18kt gold and they're actually gold filled or gold plated.  The price doesn't indicate any because some are so over inflated that I was fooled into thinking they were in actual fact real gold until I scrolled down to see what they were made of.  I would hate to accidentally sell to my customers fake gold because I wasn't cautious enough to keep reading on.  It would be better if they specified this in their advertising rather than misleading customers and wasting valuable time.
Market coverage and business support.
le choix énorme de fournisseurs
Reliable and easy.
I placed an order for over 14,000 and it was a nightmare, they never gave me my refund and alibaba didnt protect my order.
easiness flexibility variety
Good source
Alibaba secure me with buying in China. The market of china has improved but we still not confortable to buy directly
I made case in March and still remain as unsolved
it has provided a variety of options from quality, price delivery methods and financial protection
I find most of what I'm looking for here
I cannot rate this yet because one item I purchased was delivered with the wrong meter and fittings and I am still trying to resolve this.
It gives the safety of the insurance and it helps if you having business with some supplier for the first time.
Have pdoblem  Trade Assurance
The overall service grants me a lot of trust while making business relations overseas. The fact that if the quality does not match what the supplier states, I can get the refund, this gives me a sense of trust and encourage me to make a deal.
It is great for sourcing products with a wide range of suppliers to choose from. Very reliable.
As we can't see the order no. in the bank transactions done by credit card. Thanks
Although sometimes finding the specific product you want is a little messy, the interface of your account is very intuitive, and the posibility to talk directly with sellers through the website is very useful because you can have a closer treatment with them and follow the process of your order as well as resolve any questions that may arise.
good service.
me parece una super posibilidad para hacer comercio
送料が高いから。
When something goes wrong, opening a dispute does not work very good. Everything depends on the supplier. And it would be better if communication thorugh whattsapp or wechat would be part of the insurance / dispute.
ok
Excellent service and order received on time
хорошая работа
Issues regarding payment.Payment fails because of some reason.
merci  bien  je recommande
They did not reach out regarding a dispute - and instead, left it to me to communicate with the vendor - even though the vendor was obviously delayed and lied about shipping. The vendor shipped an item on november 7 but should have shipped out Nov. 3 at the latest.  It turns out that I filed the dispute and then they shipped the item.  Hmmmmmm
I had issuees with a supplier and alibaba worked to get me refunded
Some friend doesn't trust alibaba, it's hard to change people's minds.
affidabile e chiaro
the service is fast, secure and it's good that Alibaba comes with reminders
Availiability of different items
managing orders
No
I will recommend that service to others because it insures people against scams
sometimes it is difficult to keep in touch with the producers. Sometimes the producers stop producing the merchandise you're contracting and it's no longer possible to contact them via alibaba
easy, comfort, informative
Reliable trustworthy service. Suppliers communicate very quickly and efficiently with customers. Online dashboard and ordering system is comprehensive.
Доступно и быстро
It is to quick and you can find many option.
Your 30 day trade assurance is misleading. Have you thought about maybe people shipping by sea and it takes more than 30 days?
Very non-comfortable message center. Previous version was much betetr
Big advantage over Aliexpress is possibility to negotiate with sellers shipment options, etc.
I don't want people knowing where I am purchasing from
the overall suppiliers are slow to reply
Great marketplace !
Easy contact, just by chat you can place order and ask questions. So practical
the case process is to long and without immediate results!
Showing reliable vendors
becouse alibaba services is the surest way to make commerce with seller from China  for  little comerciant company
I have been told 2 times after I send my payment that the price advertised was wrong and they needed to raise the price that I pathetic and all I received was a picture of a sad face not an apology not what can we do to make thos right if you want to contact me please feel free to do so I can forward the one conversation I saved the hole process because ok what happened 5 days before
Easy to use platform
Когда совершена покупка и доставка выполнена качественно, можно рекомендовать другим по умолчанию. Если бы по рекомендации можно было получить дополнительный бонус(вариант партнёрства), то было бы идеально.
good service
Lots of products ,and very good coaporation and service
Because I am seller in my place, if i recommend to other they will know how to buy original place, so they wont buy from me
good services
The reason i would recommend Alibaba is that they manufacturers are professional and this?s what we looking for.
Products should be able to be returned if your not happy with it.  I was really disappointed in the, the paddles are very heavy and difficult to make adjustments.  I’m not a strong person.  The video has a man providing instruction, hence the reason it’s more difficult for a woman to use with ease.  I’d never purchase again.
i enjoy the service
good product, fair price and fast delivery.
no
It is a genuine platform, so I will recommend, but it seems you are more interested in the seller's satisfaction.
Some sellers don't meet delivery times and the complaint resolution time is too long.
.
Place for source goods in competitive price.
Well the locations that are on your address locations are not up to date therefore making it very hard to get products.
Great Service, safe
At the moment I have little experience using your service.
There are many supplier in the list of each product we looking for.
There are too many suppliers.Among other things, the choice of a relatively reliable supplier is satisfactory.
ease
because it is easy to use, to let you communicate with many many supplier without moving yourself from the office and there is the insurance for each order.But sometimes not all supplier are available or are able to provide a good service.But the platform is very good.I'll try to improve a bit the research.
shipping not fast
Wouldn';t do it without trade aassurance
xxx
yOUR services are perfect , the only problem i have is with the RFQ program does not work too well must updated it
Ordering things in bulk at times is hectic if one has to ship just one item.
some supplier are using bad words and it is very pathetic Please find the below  conversation this is the avoidance is in ALIBABA massages .Personally i feel very bad.Trust you will take proper action so  that Alibaba services will become outstanding.Thanks Ex;-,Hunan Shuang Cheng Washing Products Co., Ltd.2YRSHunan,
I Like it Very Much
I see a lot of pretty things through Alibaba. It's recommended~
There is trust
ITS EASY TO USE
Despite giving reasons Alibaba is not resolving my case
NA
Parce que c'est clair et sérieux
i recommend to alibaba.com. Its best platform to touch with different trusted companies.
none
It's safe to buy
Shipment very slow either handle by seller or by shipping company even we paid for express shipping cost. Very disappointing.
it is safe and that makes me feel great about it
Я не хочу увеличивать число конкурентов.)))
The reason for the recommendation is a large selection of products at very attractive prices.The reason for rejecting the recommendation is a large number of poorly verified suppliers and scams.
It's fine :)
makes you feel safe in case something happens but at the same time I feel that alibaba does protect more suppliers on their website than clients.
price not so sure
nice
very efficient system
i recommend alibaba.com
Everything ok without this that we have many difficulties in return back money ( Trade Assurance ) from our supplier who send wrong parts becouse its "crazy" procedure of back money in these cases in Alibaba .
.
Le professionnalisme, toujours à la pointe de la technologie.Professionalism, always at the forefront of technology.
difficulty to ask a question
I have problem getting orders from non-eu country as China to be transfer the customs because supplier don't give out necessary certifications and product documents. Alibaba.com are not helpful getting refund when supplier breaches its terms and conditions as promised.
streamlined process.
My business has grown for its services. I have confidence in suppliers and purchases by TA
it is an excellent business platform
I think overall they are nice manufacturersometimes there are scammer
Low and high quality products range is so high for average person to choose correctly
Sellers are changing their prices, it's not what they are posting on alibaba
There are a lot of annoying emails.
no
I would recommend Alibaba.com Service(s)
Supplier are reliable, good customer  service and safe to place the order
----
good opportunity for new bussiness
everyone lies on this website. I have never seen such blatant ethics issue in business until now. 3/3 order have issues, poor quality, they lied about shipping dates when they knew they could not meet out deadline just to get our money One company even purposely shipped broken garbage equipment then lied and then later said they had no stock. The refund process is ridiculous it says 7 days then 7 days is turning into weeks.
Seguridad y confianza
Website is not good
the best online shopping experience and service
Suppliers will sell on ebay and amazon as well undercutting your products
Easy and guaranteed trasactions
Because it can be compared with each other
There is no customer consultation system for using Alibaba.There is only a chat robot.
Ive been ripped off by suppliers in the past and now that ive used trade assurance it seems like the buyer has no protection! ive lost thousands of dollars to alibaba in the past. for the first time im making a 500 dollar claim for a poor quality product and the supplier is not taking any responsibility and lying!
I would definitely recommend the use of this service.Because I fount it very easy and convenient during my transaction.
not easy order so complicated
easy to use
I would recommend
La responsabilidad y entrega de los elementos
you feel safe in the knowledge that your transactions are legitimate and secure
not available
it's very easy to navigate through and easy to contact supplier directly
Great service.
NICE OPERATION
very good
Good service.. but also the fees are high for the little guy with a small business
It allow both parties involved in trading to protect their money until the last time.
I never face any issue
Good service.
Easy way to order goods with good services.
This was stated in my review. We were scammed, provided documentation to that effect from the seller, and still received no resolution.
for every page we have same producers
im trying to leave feed back for company ZHENGZHOU VANSHINE MACHINERY.CO  and im unable to ,i have tryed to aske the company to fix the problems and no reponse ???they made a food cart which has not met any legal requirements and not only poor workmanship the electrical work that they done is that dangerous it could potentially kill some one ,very unhappy as it has cost me over 9650 usd and now it has arrived i know need to pay to correct all the faults which is thousands of aus dollars ,im very dissatisfied and i want to leave pictures and feed back to warn others of this company this was bought through alibaba please help ,eric
It is a secure platform with many suppliers / manufacturers
So far the system has worked well
dv
Easy to use and easy to buy.
security and reliable, good suppliers, good quality on products purchased from Alibaba suppliers
Credibility
no coments
There are many seller selling counterfeit goods, so it is difficult to find a good one.
Sellers sales reps are very unprofessional and dishonest. Don't want to put colleques to have to work with them.
/
it  is  safe and  easy  to follow up the order.
ease of purchase
Your eChecking voided check validation feature is punitive and punishes good customers. Then there is no one that can help when there is an issue.  I was forced to open a new business checking account because of Alibaba to pay my manufacturer.
For my country to get goods from China by sea takes 90 days, the time of confirmation is only 30 days. For DR Congo if the supplier gave you wrong product according to the contrat you could not imply discussion.
Es un puente entre compradores y vendedores, muy completo y detallado
Very good and organised service
i would recomend to friends becouse i am satisfied and i like alibaba.
The dialogue went really well with Blue through Whattsapp. Would recommend.
h?zl? ve ??züm odakl? davran??lar
Always available and patient while trying to learn process as new customer
very helpful
very content
I recently started working personally through an alibaba myself. And I really like everything, any product can be found and 99% of manufacturers are very sociable and help the Chinese people in everything. I respect Yu.V. I will meet them. I’m working today. I’m buying 50 tablets, 50 card readers and 50 thermal printers. Thank you very much to all of them. They did tests for me. Not every tablet accepted the program in our country. I am very satisfied Thanks to the developers.
N/A
handle fee is high
I would recommend Alibaba because the price of their products are cheaper than the other. Cheaper the price but quality wise.
The system says that refunds for several days have not seen the money in the account yet.
Dissatisfaction with the dispute settlement in favor of the seller. It seems that there is a seller who exploits this part as a dispute settlement that does not take into account the buyer's product cost and any additional costs.
Atendimento ótimo,sempre comunicando aos cliente e bem atencioso,parabéns!
Only used it once so far and it's not enough to make a decision yet.
good prices and safe.
I WOULD RECOMMEND
service was fast and qualified
No
Porque los productos y el precio están bien.
The reason for minus 2 points is that there are many malicious companies that send low-quality products.There are many operators who can't communicate in English.
can find what i want
Reliable, accurate and fast service, I love working with Alibaba, I feel very safe buying Alibaba everything I need for my business, thank you very much
c er salwomunions betweenicat
Very good
Almost 3% commission that Alibaba charges us is high. Also Alibaba doesn't have any control on suppliers who quote us very high shipping charges. Please note that after paying to the supplier as per his/her quotation and their high shipping charges we are made to pay 3% to Alibaba and we are yet to pay high custom duty still and the transport to where we would sell what we bought here.Most times the products become so expensive with all these additional charges that re-selling them becomes impossible.I request Alibaba to please have in place your own shipping as we end up paying more than double the charges for shipping. If Alibaba will ship our products - all shipping companies will want all of Alibaba's shipping business. Please consider. It will help business people like us.
Es muy difícil poner queja de vendedores que tienen un precio en las publicaciones y ofrecen otro precio una vez contactados
I would definitely use the trade assurance service of alibaba because it just gives a bit more thrust to me as a buyer. Luckily I never had any problems so far with any seller but I've heard stories of people buying out side of alibaba and never got their goods delivered. I can't say anything about the trade assurance though as I never had to use it. To me all suppliers come true so far. No disputes for me so far.One thing I would like to have is a history of all the invoices with all the correct company information of both companies.
i would recommend it. great service, fast reply. huge potential
Safe easy transactions
So far, I manage to find some good suppliers.
afsg
Quality and Quantity with fast service
can not identify 100% whether the goods is original or not.
trust Alibaba can solve our problem
Some of the goods that I order take a long time to validate if they operate correctly,The time for dispute is to short.
Nice service. I would recommend Alibaba to businesses who wants a trusted supplier in china
I have not had much experience buying as yet, but i am very happy with what i have purchased and the process Ali baba has in place
User friendly
it is a great format to find products on an international level.
None
Trade Assurance is good;only problem I find is automatic  'shipment received' and 'finished',even if I haven't received the parcel;it is automatically assumed that the package arrives fast by courier, however that is often not the case;then, if I have several orders, it is difficult to see, which ones I have actually received and which ones were just set automatically to received and finished.
I haven't see it work yet
Variety, easiness of trading, and reliability
I would recommend Alibaba.com to all my friends.
i will recommend
Good prices and great quality products
Would not recommend competitor to Alibaba
-
Always  support sellers , does not protect buyers from bad Chinese sellers who cheat US buyers. we always loose case even when evidence is clear
Helpful sellers, wide range of suppliers, trustful
Received good suppliers and products
I could recommend it
Real time consultation is very good
Slow transactions due to language barriers and time to delivery
他们都知道我还混个屁
none
great service
maybe
I've had a good experience talking to different vendors and I love the products I received.
n/a
Great attention to the customer by trade assurance and having more than what the customer needs with ease
cuz i dont want to share this amazing Alibaba.com to anyone
Website seems a lot easier to use now. You can add things to your cart and then purchase. :)
There is no support for buyers.  Your organization works for seller.  You charge your services but you donot protect the buyers.
While it gives me a sense of security, I have not had to use it (in terms of not being satisfied with an order, and a vendor not being willing to rectify).  However the order placement, payment and shipment notification is great!
I would because it has pretty much something for every need or taste, and the vendors are great at service.
Easy to get source of suppliers but the buy quite expensive
amazing amount of products.
shipping is too high and long
we can search the product we need easily.
n\a
The process is simple and everything is covered
N?o tenho especifica??o
I do not really think Alibaba does anything in regards to any dispute. I have to work out the resolution with the seller. There is no real service from Alibaba as far as I am concerned. You just provide a platform for the transaction. There is no more or less.
It is easy to find suppliers, but sometimes it is very difficult to deal with suppliers. Some suppliers cannot make product of needed quality. Even after few attempts.
So many options in so many areas of production
Not reason
Recomiendo porque hay un contacto con el vendedor y no lo recomendaria porque los constos de envios son mas altos respecto a otras paginas
Cheap
Porque no me trajeron el producto que pedí yo
none
great deals
Why yes:, you can find almost everything you need; why not: sometimes the shippment cost is expensive.
Good service, good quality most times
Good service, good quality most times
Safer and protects my rights in case of dispute, also reassures the seller.
ES CONFIABLE
language barrier
Easy Processing and Trush
Trade assurance partners are good at responding and send product quickly
porque yo he conseguido buenos productos a muy buenos precios, solo las paqueterias son muy caras
I recommend for the security offered by the site, the variety of products and competitive prices.
Nice place for business with still good prices and quality
because your mercahndise is protected
Think Alibaba is the best invencion in the world.
Blank
ease of use and great resource to find suppliers and business partnerships.
I feel safe ordering and sourcing as it feels secure, however I am only new to this and as much I have experience I will be able to give a better feedback.
I would recommend Alibaba because now it has more protection for customers.
Pleople who care to have satisfied customers and reliable companies.
Reliable service
Very googd service.
si lo recomiendo
I  recomend  Alibaba because it`s  very  easy
Great service and fast shipping!
Personal service, good products.
n/a
I would recommend
n/a
there are no options to delete messages or file the messages in files that I can name. the pricing on all the products are never as they are listed which is very frustrating. Factories should be listing the price as close to the price that they charge as possible a lot of the prices are so far from what is listed its misleading and wastes a lot of my time. Some factories say they are OEM, they say they can make what I want but after I provide them with my information, pictures and everything they say they can't and stop responding and wasted my time. this happens so often its so frustrating that I have resorted to using sourcing companies for some products. Factories are also listing lower MOQ's than they are willing to accept which is also very misleading and frustrating.
great service
Documented transaction in alibaba will ensure delivery of items.
ME HAN COBRADO MUCHO DE ENVIOY APARECE UN PRECIO Y CUANDO UNO PREGUNTA YA LE DICEN UN PRECIO MAS ALTO
reasonable prices and fast service
ок
good prices
recomendaria pois já experimentei e gostei.
It's safe and convenient
asd
The package arrived in Brazil, but since then I completely lost track of it and it did not arrive until now. The minimum expected was an email with a tracking code sent by the supplier.
easy way to connect to suppliers
LO RECOMENDAR?A POR QUE DA PROVEEDORES CON GARANT?A COMERCIAL Y DA MAS SEGURIDAD EN ALGUNA COMPRA QUE SE HAGA
Guarantee services
We can find anything and everything. Also, the app is really good.
The Assurance does not assure anythig.
Its reassuring to know that there is a system in place to protect orders for both the supplier and the buyer.
I have only had one problem with a Vendor but it was fixed.
Great service and quality so far.
I'd recommend alibaba but I would warn that some suppliers do not sell you what they promise and to receive a refund it is very complicate because usually to explain your problem to alibaba you do not talk to people but rather through a system with automated answering machines
SecurityCredit card paymentMany suppliers
no
Alibaba has made my work so easy. A straight forward purchase.
It is a very safe way to do business with people from all over the world
Good and quick service
Till now I met nice suppliers.I had problem with one supplier, but after all we found solution for the problem.
Alibaba safe
good communication
It's easy and secure
Products come quickly and as advertised
Bajo costo y excelente servicio de los Proveedores.
The whole process is very clear and safe.
data de entrega prevista n?o coincide com a realidade, meu produto tinha previs?o de envio em no maximo 15 dias porém levou 60 dias
rapido eficaz
Because of stability of the company
l
Website has changed and if very confusing
varieties of products , also very fast response from the companies I did connect  and  all the process is supreme and professional in terms of reactionHelping me finding things which  are reasonable prices .
They're a great way to access affordable manufacturers.
cest une bonne platforme de vente diversifie
j aime bien ce site il est bien sécurisé et les acheteurs sont bien protégés
none
Is helpful to find a great variety of sellers.
have everything
I would recommend Alibaba.com because of the variety and availability of a multitude of products. Great place for great ideas. Entrepreneurs dream!!
It has everything thats needed for Global transacting and helping small businesses
I am very happy with Alibaba they have a very good overview in the buyers dashboard. When there is a problem with a seller, because the goods are not as expected or damaged, Alibaba solves the problem imediatly. I think Alibaba is a reliable company where your money is safe.
* SECURE ONLINE PURCHASES* RELIABILITY* FAST * NUMEROUS PROVIDERS DATA TO LOOK BEST OPTIONS
I have no reason at all
Please I have heard stories of product getting damage during transport and Trade Assurance cover/replaces the loss.
Just if the merchandise will not delivered
Many options
CHANGE NOT THE SAME GOODS WITH OUT PROBLEMS AND MORE PAYMENT.
perchè date assistenza commerciale e assicurate il Credito. Io sono stato truffato da alcuni fornitori ma grazie a Voi sono riuscito a recuperare i miei soldi. Grazie
some people that offer products by alibaba do not accept alibaba payment.
glad with the product, best price, good customer service and the shipment was quick.
cheaper  price
I Have made purchases since 2018, quality and customer service is very good
Some of the minimums are high.  But love the fast shipping!
only that i want to build my business with u and supply from you so not tell them for that reason only
i would recommend the services because it gives the buyer insurance that the products sold are as described and delivered in the agreed upon time.
Communication barriers are difficult.  Even with translators it is difficult to get clear messages across in a timely manner.
frete mais barta para o brazil
calidad de los productos
Charging fees for payment
Good service and safer then it was a few years ago.
process takes too long. communication is often midsunderstood
I like the number of suppliers available on Alibaba--and the ease of communication on the Alibaba platform.
Sellers ship products too late. They lie every time about shipping time.Before payment they we agree to a delivery date, after payment they delay the shipment coming with excuses.
Yes, I purchased  an annual subscription to iptv and order was paid for using my credit card on 10/07/19.  I have still not gotten it.  There was no tracking number and I have no way of checking.  I notified my credit card company about cancelling this order since I have not heard from you.
I have problems with the system itself, sometimes it does not allow to write the messages in my computer, other times it does not have the right format and everything looks odd on the iPad, so for somethings I have to use computer, like to request a refund or place a modification. but when I write messages to the vendors I need to do it on the ipad because the system in the computer does not accept the typing.
Muy eficiente, he hecho varias transacciones y no he tenido ningún problema ni retraso.Felicidades
todo ok
SUR ALIBABA ON TROUVE TOUT A DES PRIX TRES INTERESSANT
N/A
There still is too much unknown about the seller. I had received some shipments nicely packed, but other shipments have been in random boxes with no proper packing. Items arrive with damage and then manufacturer says it is not their responsibility.
Не могу ничего пока написать так как у меня нет времени
The lack of free delivery to Russia. Interest on payment of the order. My friends leche buy on Aliexpress.
I will recommend always
its better for buy product,  i love buy here.  thanks so much
100 %recommended , at all , no complaint
The payment system is very safe, so I recommend it 100%
The messaging platform shows double messages a lot. I think the messaging aspect could use a little work.
1. Payment by credit card fees is almost 3% of total order, it is too high.2. Sellers don't deliver on time3. When opening a dispute, there is only option for "Refund"... There is no other option to indicate delayed shipping/delivery... if its not been delivered on time, seller should refund 10-30% off amount depending on delay in days....buys are not interested in FULL REFUND after waiting for 30-35 day of production and 30 days of delivery duration,  One of my supplier marked shipment as "Shipped" 2 weeks in advance before he actually shipped it... and i was in impression its already shipped... it was frustrating situation, since I have to believe what he said. he provided me with tracking number but shipment didn't leave port until 10-15 days its been marked as "Shipped" on Alibaba. If you want your customers to be satisfied, please Implement some strict rules so that seller wont cheat buyers...
?ok yüksek ücretler
I would recommend it, because the service is good, and the sellers too. But some suppliers are not so honest, and what they advertise about their products are not true, they change the price and other things too.
very easy to use, get quick response
n/a
SOLO LES PEDIR?A QUE FUERAN MAS CLARO CON LAS DESCRIPCIONES, Y QUE REALMENTE PUBLIQUEN EL PRECIO QUE ES YA QUE NO REALIZA UNA COMPRA PORQUE A LA MERA HORA DE REALIZAR EL PEDIDO EL PRODUCTO ERA MAS CARO QUE EL PUBLICADO Y ESO PASO EN 2 OCASIONES.
Alibaba is a great place for anybody to do business, they have a lot of stuff with good price.
quick turnaround - once you find the product you're happy with, ordering and pricing are great.
It seems easy for items that we can wait for delivery for.  We get a wide range of suppliers and product choices.   Reasonable pricing and easy ordering process.   Was a little skeptical at first but now I feel pretty comfortable purchasing using the Alibaba.com services.
EFFICACIT? DU PRODUIT
So far it was good to our company.
I recommend it because it is very practical
Good saler
Largest selection of vendors.
I would recomend Alibaba because It is safe to establish shopping deals, and you can find products of very excellent quality
Highly unprofessional Sellers
Excelent.
It is an excellent means to buy and secure payment, I am completely satisfied with alibaba, its payment method, its platform and its means of communication with suppliers.
risposte rapide prodotti buoni buon sito
BonjourJ'ai dépensé 74 USD et je n'ai rien re?u, Alibaba trouve toujours une raison pour rien rembourser
me gustaria que atendieran las quejas y los malos tratos de los vendedores
they are not helping me on my disput
More efficient, very fast, and secure payment
The forwarder cheated me but Alibaba do nothing to help me.
a lot of rogues sellers, who can lie
I recommended with everyone very reliable wholesaler and good service provider available on Alibaba.
SEGURIDAD ,VARIEDAD, CONFIANZA Y CALIDAD
Veloce ed efficiente, ma ho dovuto pagare il dazio della dogana senza poter intervenire dichiarando che il materiale non era soggetto a rivendita, ma come campioni per uso personale.
Easy to communicate, easy to find and easy to adjust to my business needs!!
look for what you need without going elsewhere and you can find a lot of choice
It seems to be secure and good prices. Contact directly with the producers
MQR 100 NO HAVE TO START WITH ONE
I wrote three emails telling you that I was extremely pleased with my order ( safety vest) and the staff were great and you never told the company or the people that we were satisfied with the product and the service ! Please do soThe company was Wuxi Xinql ImportsThank You Peggy Larsen
.......
Site isn't user friendly. It is hard to find products and different suppliers. Also hard to determine good sellers and products from bad ones.
Even though I provided ample evidence of all problems, they discounted all of it and wanted me to pay another $800 for a 3rd party service on an order I had already lost thousands on.  If they wouldn't accept the evidence I provided, it was unlikely they were going to accept more evidence showing the same thing which would have resulted in more lost money.  It seems Alibaba is only concerned with protecting the seller.  I have ordered many times through Alibaba, and this is the only time I've disputed anything.
The genuineness of the platform
Отличный сервис.
wel omdat kan veel producten zien en veilig bestelen en betalen.
?
I will recomen
Удобный, понятный сервис.
Only good experiences. Honest suppliers etc.
Because i had everything you told me in the video description but do not get my money back.
Affordability and varieties ,
I would recomend because it's a nice service.
Product is so good
Ninguno por el momento
Вроде все хорошо.
Only limited to China (not India nor Turkey for example)
i like trade assurance, they make me feel trusted and safe with suppliers
I have had awful trouble with DDP orders, not arriving, having to pay for additional costs, cannot get through to ALIBABA with the dispute, it's very frustrating
I have no problem with my sending, and many costumers reply quickly.
Price.
I did not have a chance to check how money refund acutally works, so I cannot recommend this part.
I have opened a dispute here and already 4 and more months has passed but my problem still is not resolved.
There is a trade assurance but if something happens like in my case and the supplier does not ship. The dispute team does not put effort in resolving it. They reimburse the money but do not think about other consequence a missed or lost shipment could cause like production line stop, the difficulty of ensuring the supplier does not sell customized poroducts to someone else (it is supposed to be scrapped then).Also even if the facility was audited noone controls that certificates are accurate and valid and when the supplier advertise he does not make false advertisement like offering GOTS certified products if the exportuer is not.
great selection of suppliers
na
When you order a product with a certain specification and it says it supports that specification on the screen, in the packaging, in the instructions and it turns out it does not. And when you put in the 'trade assurance claim' and you side with the seller even though I show plenty of evidence to this.
Service is very good.
because i have problem with one of the supplier and the result not fair and i will make complaining of this issue
l'offres
simple and reliable
security and diversitybut too much escrows
great
Alibaba is very organized and easy to perform transactions.   Tracking is very good.
Alibaba is a very safe place for people who looking for a good service and prices.
very nice application and trusted website
everything is easy and perfect
Beenthinking about it, but it will kinda ruin my idea if I get started for real :) I have recommended in the past tho, I like the site!
I am very pleased with trade assurance. Though I haven't placed many orders, the few that I have placed have gone very smooth.
The trade assurance does not protect buyers. I received faulty items and provided evidence to support this and Alibaba did not follow to protocol and policies in the contract to obtain a refund and protect the buyer.
good deal
cause very convenient
Large amount of items and very proactive people who want make bussines.
The payment options are very limited.
Professional attitude
yess
Гарантия возврата средств
good deal
So far, it seems that this system is made so that if you need help with, they can offer it. Never had to ask for it so far
Everything was OK, not necessary this service yet
I have applied for a product not to arrive properly, but have not forced the manufacturer to refund or take action.Uncomfortable and unpleasant.
-
For the spanish market, we can find legal companys with VAT
i wil always recomment friends and family to Alibaba.com service
No risk at all!!
so efficient service
Ali Baba helps me find real services.
The system doesn't appear strong. Ultimately it is hard to trust a system that is not strong. I had an issue with a supplier who sold me a product that was not as marketed and poor quality, when I said I would involve Trade Assurance at Alibaba, he could not have cared less. It makes me very nervous about using Alibaba and I have held off on bigger orders.
reliable
nothing
Alibaba plataform has a good protetion for your goods, so you can risk order some things to several supliers and be safe because of trade assurance
Огромное количество товаров, защита покупателя и продавца.
I would recommend Alibaba service, because it's profesional, easy to work with and save.
Trustworthy and good service. Good pricing with suppliers.
I am happy because I can make my order from my office at a reasonable cost
Naru?ila sam 28.09.2019 soutache i ni dan danas nije stiglo. S ?ime da budem zadovoljna? ?to sam platila a nisam dobila naru?eno?
Alibaba is a global platform for internal business.. Alibaba encourages more on wholesale trading.
Return tracking
I like hear , Alibaba have several product for many kind of supplier.
The issue was resolved very quickly, and shipments were received fast
So far it's the best way to connect the global ecomm ecosystem - i would have a great challenge to build a global network without alibaba
Fast, Easy and Simple to use.
I love the fact everything you could possibly want from anywhere in the world is at your fingertips
The cost of the transfer is hidden, and it turns out afterwards how much will be deducted. It's not correct.
Garantia!
You have a lot of stuff
I hope have a lot of suppliers, it's a good business
This is very good
User interface is complex and not intuitive.
I actually have not had to submit a complaint as all factories have delivered as expected when I have paid via Trade Assurance
причин нет, все хорошо
Il y a plus de un mois que nous avons déposé plainte contre un fournisseur et nous n'avons aucune réponse de votre part
The shipper sent me the wrong product so I asked them refund but they rejected. Of course through Alibaba I apply refund but it didn't work well. In this situation I don't know how Alibaba can help to solve this problem. That's why I don't recommend  it.
Geat service all round
not exist
dfsdfsdfsad
-
for the diversity of products, a lot of interesting things, the only problem is the lack of free shipping for small quantities like on Aliexpress.
a bit confusing should be simplified, many customers to respond too
Good
I WILL ALWAYS RECOMMEND USING  ALIBABA SERVICE, BECAUSE THIS PROTECTS FROM PURCHASE OF NON-QUALITY GOODS
Good service, good price and security
????????????????????????????????????????????
doesn't apply
the products i have ordered so far are of a very high quality, the communication is good, the people i have talked with are very helpful, the whole sale prices are good, thanks to this site i will soon have a amazon shop, i will continue to do business here for a very long time.
I have had a really good experience with Trade Assurance factories over using none trade assurance factories for the most part. I feel much safer and I also feel that factories deliver on time with more consistent quality via TA.
There are alot of suppliers which is just fake selling PS4 for $100 with 15 games and VR...there is no restrictions, approved suppliers. They have watsapp numbers and they will wish to contact on watsapp and payments are also outside the Alibaba which doesn't look safe and have trade assurance guarantee. Need to remove all fake suppliers and restrict the one available with payment from Alibaba as trade assurance.
Alibaba is the best platform for sourcing goods and customer satisfaction.
Easy to work with and very professional
nice
easy to use and trust worthy
The time length of production takes long as as a result  our customers do not wait ,
The machine arrived approximately 2 weeks late and it does not have an instruction manual.  I am unable to use it with out that.I was told 2 days ago that she would send me the manual, but I have not heard from her yesterday or today.
Dear sir As per my acocunt of trade assure you can follow only of the supplier answer.
defective goods
We are Amazon Seller, so we request customize package for each clamp and accessory. This supplier help us a lot in packing although our quanity is not that big. The service by John is excellent, always patient. And their Clamp quality is well accepted iby end user. So far, we never get a claim on Amazon for the clamp products.  Their TUV certificate is a guarrantee and help us sell more. If there is any request, we just hope that our order can get bigger and bigger, and if the production time could be a bit faster, we would be selling more.
No cumple con las garantías
very poor respansiblitydelivery problem
I would recommend Alibaba since its secured and for the brand value.
convenience of looking for reliable partners
manejan buenos precios y el tiempo de respuesta es rapido por parte del vendedor, ello me ayudan a realizar la compra
I WILL RECOMENDED FOR THE SAFETY PAYMENTS.
easy plataform, security, facility
with the deliver time and the quality that seller offers .
n/a
Overall good experience
There is good quality products, nice people that are doing their best to give a good service.  I had a few bad experiences on Alibaba but now that I found the very good and professional sellers everything is positive.
I have no reason not to recommend you
It was very easy to fin the products I was looking for and when I did there were so many different buyers to choose from.
I have had two major issues where the manufacturer lied and made big mistakes on my order that I proved with documents and photos and you still chose to side with them even though they should have refunded my money because they did NOT provide what I ordered. That is aq terrible way to do business
Confidence and security when shopping online
dealing with some vendors is difficult.
Very detailed information, customer support was great
negotiating with suppliers time consuming , language barrier , prices show online not real deal !!!!!!!!!
The website is hard to use, and it a bit hard to communicate with sellers but overall good!
i like RFQ, search by picture.
I would because is a great way to provide resources and products to new markets.There are many variables and steps to acheive international commerce succes. This platform has connected the world in so many ways.On the other side,  wouldn?t recomend to certain people due to the skillset or knowledge needed, but I?d definetevely help them to ensure their goods are delivered and this website continues to grow.
I can talk to the seller directly.
CONFIABLES Y SEGURAS TODAS LAS OPERACIONES
Any
The interface and user experience is confusing and could use a major overhaul.
so far compared to other websites that are similar you guys have been the best so far. with out a doubt.
I would always recommend Alibaba.
ES LA MEJOR PLATAFORMA DE MAYOREOS
I would suggest it to others, because it prevents theft and grief, but on the other hand, when someone broke once a contract with me in the past when I ordered "bbq gloves", I was not refunded all the money, including all the expenses and fees I had.
Because i find everything the best of the best
I'm very pleased with service, products and confidence provided by Alibaba. I can't think of any reason not to use Alibaba.
Professional
I am happy with how the Alibaba handle my concern regarding my order, I would be happy to recommend this platform.
I will recommend Alibaba because of its professionalism and good management.
be easy to find and cheap to get
It's very good.
Not everyone is comfortable with ordering online internationally.
So far all transactions have been very good.
it's safe
Alibaba user experience is confusing and design is very busy. It is intimidating and none of my friends will join Alibaba for this reason. I wish the website was simple and less confusing
very unresponsive and no to talk to
.
no reason
Products are quality made. The people I have communicated with for all my orders have been very helpful and informative. Being new to purchasing in bulk, I appreciate their efforts to walk me through all the steps that need to be taken.
Alibaba gives me followup and I feel that I can trust because of that. If it wouldn't be for Alibaba, I wouldn't make payments to other.
je suis tres content du site alibabaje le recommande fortement
Very happy with the services.
Boa noite em rela??o aos pre?os e alguns lojistas podemos dar nota 10 mas existem lojistas que te falam uma coisa e no final  fazem outra por exemplo falam que iram mandar em tipo de frete e nos enviam por outro acho que a cada final de envio o alibaba poderia fazer uma pesquisa com cada cliente se a entrega chegou certa como combinado antes da venda e qual argumentos os lojistas usaram para relatar um possivel problema como demora na entrega, rastreamentos errados e outros tambem acho que deveriam fazer a mesma pesquisa com os lojistas a respeito de cada cliente que finalizassem suas compras  e fizessem um cadastro de clientes vips tambem que fazem as coisas certas para facilitar as promo??es
I would recommend Alibaba But I would like that you guys pay close attention fr seller who sells product after while they cancel the order.Beside that I have no complain.I will recommend it.Regards
Quality and safety in service and orders
Some sellers are honest others will try and charge excessively for freight
Me gusto
Pretty solid overall.Not happy with the credit card processing though.
Alibaba is an easy way to find professional and trustly manufacturers to your own products.
The platform has been extremely easy to navigate.
Its not very user friendly, hard to find orders.  Wish there was a way to search by the supplier. and the fees are high
I, for the most part, would recommend but it is can be very complicated finding items that meet your needs and communicating with the vendors. I also worry about security. I have, however, have had good experiences with the merchants I have ordered with and love that there is Trade assurance.
none
good experience
On Alibaba, I have found suppliers of all types. I have connected with:1) Amazing suppliers that deliver high quality product fast.2) Good suppliers that deliver high quality very slowly (like 1/4 year)3) A bad supplier who delivered sloppy quality quickly and then refused to be accountable, BECAUSE THERE ARE NO PRODUCT QUALITY STANDARDS IN THE TRADE ASSURANCE AGREEMENT.So my recommendation must be "Alibaba is a place where you can find bad and good at a good price. Be skeptical and constantly watch for bad practices, because the Alibaba trade assurance agreement will not protect you."
I would recommend Alibaba.com to others
too many delays for each order
Only to keep it straight and honest for both buyer and seller.
because you are very courtesy selling stuff but really Bad customer service returning items you sent wrong.
None
would recommend it protect the transaction
For non-English speaking customers, there is a problem understanding and going in the right places after making a purchase. Even finding the place to talk to your dealer
I always make good anjd safe purchases trough alibaba, and when i had problems, they have been solved in the right way
Muy caro los envíos
I recommend Alibaba because the products are of very good quality with affordable prices.
I would recommend Alibaba.com services, very easy to move thru site.
I would recommend
Requested to return product and obtain refund.  Reply was for a limited time during which I was out of office. I have had no response from subsequent inquiries and see nowhere that indicates a deadline to reply.
it takes some of the uncertanty out of doing business.
el tiempo de respuesta es muy buena
The process has been easy and I am happy with the contacts I have made
Da confianza
Very plesant and eager to sell and help grow my business.
it is very useful for buying products
The business model works well, the "ready to ship" option is one of my favorites.
melhores ofertas bom atendimento
........................
Because of the trade assurance which protects buyer from fraud
extremely likely
none
I recommend using Alibaba for any business.
I would recommend 100% Alibaba because of its trade assurance, they are always safeguarding potencial customers' money
Alibaba is great place, I would recommend it for sure, but payment failure prevents me from buying from certain sellers, that really annoys me , the trade assurance is wonderful I'm fully protected, but the offline payment with Chinese sellers (due to payment failure) and buying from the sellers from outside china both of them make me loose protection, and I lost money due to that and made me prevent such buys
Despite of the trade assurance, there is a lot of scam and defective products. The process of refund is not easy and it almost always gives the reason to the provider and not the customer despite of the proofs
u never gave me my refund on a cancelled order
Fiz uma compra os produtos retornaram ao Pais de origem, porque o fornecedor n?o colocou os dados corretos, perdi meu dinheiro e o fornecedor n?o me responde pra enviar meus meus produtos novamente da forma correta, fiquei pedindo o código de rastreio para acompanhar e nada de me passar, quando passaram já era tarde Número do pedido 17661975001021996
Had only 1 occasion to file dispute but it was declined by Ali
i got some good help from the seller
In most purchases, I have not received it yet and it appears as finished. There is a purchase I made in September and so far nothing. Another situation has people offering the Dewalt brand and they are actually scammers.I was told to buy by transfer and off site. only I may have no experience but I won't lose the security of buying on the site.
i was looking for a nice hair came across this lady my fast oder from this lady called Bella from apple girl Hair was very good she is always  there when you need help and my order is just the way i expected thank you so much Bella i am very satisfied you and Alibaba
You did not protect me when I bought LED candles and they were not as described and the boxes were damaged. You did not even read what they claimed on their posted offer. It said it was made of wax but it wasn't.
you do not have payment with PayPal
CUMPLIDOS
it takes a lot of back-and-forth
Because suppliers are half way around the globe, and I can't truly feel sure about who I am purchasing from, trade assurance gives me confidence that I am safe to purchase goods and will have options for refund/mediation if the transaction does not go as expected.
Muy profesionales en las garantías de los servicios que brindan, ademas de la cantidad de productos.Atención personalizada de calidad.
Nincs ilyen ok
when i try to order it hard
satisfied
Know that your funds are protected from dubious businesses is a plus.
idk
d
we indians use  paypal to pay which is fair product is not received they refund our money but alibaba china sellers do lot of fraud they are not ready to refund eeven when the product is not delivered . we trust alibaba so alibaba should be responsible to refund our hard earned money
Clear information and reliability
I would recommend because of its variety, pricing, response.I would not recommend because of the shipping companies who mess things up
The process to get anything accomplished quickly does not happen.  Design times, sample times, delivery times....6-7 weeks before you can have a product to sell.  Time difference allows minimal time of communication.  If it wasn't for the pricing, would not be using Alibaba at all.  Trade off you pay for a slow process, communication obstacles and delayed manufacturing times.
necesito me puedan facturar todas mis compras que realizo dentro de la plataforma
alibaba is very good
I would recommend Alibaba Services, because its like a trade assurance. But it works slow, i got one time a problem, because i didnt receive my parcel.
muy buena atención , respuesta rápida y excelente productos.
The sellers are awesome and very helpful. Fast service, completion of orders and shipping.
I find products in my industry to sell in USA
Some people have no patience when it comes to communication.  I enjoy communicating with sellers.
Vendors have been very cooperative, accurate, and honest. Very easy to work with them
Garenteed satisfaction
Por que las garantias de comercio no están bien estipuladas, al principio no preguntan. en mi caso fue el tiempo de entrega y te confias por el seguro que segun ofrecen, pero el seguro no me ayudo en nada. Decia que el contrato no menciona tiempo de entrega y eso es vital. Si el producto llega cuando ya no lo necesitan no sirve para nada.
Alibaba is very good to find suppliers, but you should improve the mediation because we had problems  with some suppliers and you did not solve this issue satisfactory.
reasct
Estoy muy satisfecha con la aplicación, los proveedores, han sido muy amables y formales.
Dostal som tovar aky som obiednal
not enough time is given to check products upon arrival.  By Trade assurance determining automatically that items have been delivered and marking them receivedWith electrical items issues have occurred beyond the 15 day period and there is no recourse for the buyer.
I would recommend Alibaba because I feel that people doing business on this site are doing great work, they respond quick and are eager to communicate, and from my  personal experience - almost everything I bought from this site is of high quality.
Some of the vendors are wonderful...like Alice but some say they have the exact outfit....take your money and dont have the outfit and make it completely different...eventually they will refund you. I have been on this site for over a year. I used to love it and all the vendors but it's getting to where you never get what you ordered or on time. Very disappointed.
Good range of manufactures
The vendors have been great for the most part. Alibaba makes it safer to source overseas.
I would recommend Alibaba.com services for their Services.They7 Always Answer on time and for everything you Ask. What you pay is what you get.
Trusted and protected
Some sellers are not veted and do not come from the country's they say they are from
easy to use
It gives a security that is good to have
Some supplier tell you that they do not have product in stock only after you paid.
Alibaba is strictly on Seller's side. Treat buyers unfairly! Even for obvious defective machine case decided in favour of seller. Very BAD!
like the price and service provided to me along with the on time shipping
Very intuitive and powerfull. Opens the world. Congrats
it has not many chance to get discount coupon
molto pratico ed efficace
Makes for a safe marketplace to carry out trade.
.
Very efficient, always improving.
Smooth service, great product, arrived fast
I made a purchase Order number 14749686501025089 and it was not delivered due to packaging damage and I can not get satisfactory support from Alibaba to solve the problem.
Sometimes communication can be a barrier, and suppliers are not as responsive as they should be.
Comprei um produto e n?o chegou em meu endere?o segundo os correios foi problema no site .
Every think is there, for me it the best for saving loots of money
N/A
It is easy to use clear and fast
no waste of time, more quality...
TRUST
Security and Reliability
I love Alibaba
I would recommend because from my experience, it is much safer for me, as a buyer.
There is not reason.
I will recommend Alibaba due to the help provided to the companies making safe and easy business
Trustworthy place to do business...
No English
I can find many attractive products.
1
good
N/A
Alibaba est très sécurisé. Les contacts répondent toujours très professionnellement.
I would recommend because it is fast and sure.
Orders closed by the seller without notice and another not received.
Everything is smooth and great, also very good you started to accept amex.
Fast speed
Issues supplied can show anything without have the product most say we used to have this thing but not now many do not message beck this should be ratted and removed the bad one deals take way to log to finalise they all try adding on extra costs so no commitment from the supplier  SHOPS need better filtering when looking for products
Actually i had bad experience  with bank transfer i transfer to wrong account  and the receiver reject to returned That receiver has account in alibaba (XIAN GREENHERB BIOTHEC CO)he said to alibaba team ,  that transfer was for order request but the true store was mistake
A lot of spam.Some refusing to accept payment via alibaba.You refusing to include 2% credit card charge and/or other charges in the invoice.
Alibaba Service is great - but many suppliers here just do copycat and do not have any loyalty to their customers. The tell others the exact details of products they produced for competitors. That is not the way business is like in Europe or the US.
I won't
-
-
Доступность сервиса
Please it guarantees that you will receive your order.
Starightforward service. Would like better section showing factories conform to international quality standards.
The one reason I would not recommend is because it is very difficult to find good suppliers with reasonable prices. there are a lot of middle men trying to make a profit and it can be time-consuming to sift through all of these suppliers.I would recommend because there is a good order and payment system and trade assurance gives you peace of mind when ordering.
нет таких
Problems with supplier, not delivered as ordered. too long time on argumentative process with supplier saying product woven when it is not.
many problems with shipment to India
23
In the event of dissatisfaction, resolution tends to favour the seller even when the buyer has suffered a loss. It is not fair for sellers/suppliers to receive money and ignore delivery timelines. If a supplier indicates that they will deliver goods within 25 days but it takes four months and Alibaba does nothing to reprimand such suppliers, then such a platform isn't good for international business.
0
no
All job were in extremely perfect completed. Professional and care about what customer want.Gold supplier in my heart.
Very efficient in terms of tracking an order.
Very easy to contact the suppliers and easy to tracking the delivery service at glance.
Every services and items are quite many. That's why.
The website is a mess with minor and mayor issues... It is almost like kids have made it.
all is Great
is hard in sometimes, many suppliers not accept payment more 5000usd in one order because can't use onetouch. and less 5000usd have higher fee
more language.. need
It a platform that provides a safe environment to do transactions with other companies that you are not familiar with or have physical contact with.
good quality, fast delivery.
i buy 8 cnc machines and i visited the factory to check the machines and the machines are very poor quality and i submitted dispute to ALibaba and it refuses me to help me i am very disappointed Alibaba shows this company is manufacturer while its a trader and act as manufacturer he says machines weight is 1500kg and when i receive today is only 1000kg 500kg less
Good service thank you
eash to find supplier
It's cheapAnd solid insuranceI am satisfied
??? ???
Great market place
no comment
I would recommend it but I have some worries about the trade assurance and dispute system.
Easy for shopping
because of settlements outcomes favour supplier, not the customer ...I'm really upset with you guys and I'm not suggesting anyone use Alibaba
I'm new to alibaba
order recive on time
Best online market with variety of manufacturers.
.
It is easy to use and safe.
easy to use and transparent
Would recommend in general, the process is relatively smooth if you know how it works. Can get pretty expensive with samples so company's have to have the budget for that.
no
Sometimes there is a language barrier, which makes the process a little overwhelming. Also the subtraction of the sample order amount that was promised to be returned could be more transparent in the final amount.Something  like:order                     200shipping               180 ?minus sample      50total:                    168
--
No la recomiendo para compras de pocos artículos, porque a los proveedores no tienen interés por ventas a peque?os comerciantes
Bought t-shirts oem,manufacture I'm a clothing  brand,starting  off,and after 1-2 washes  the company print,peels off the shirt everywhere,,I could not even give these products  away,,tanish  my brands reputation, I am not happy and will not use again,,unless I am compansated,!Glenn Merton.Dirteblonde,
Not after this transaction
Some people mistrust China. I would not recommend Alibaba to them.
I think your service is excellent, please keep improving your service even more.
Sellers are honest
i find most supplier pretty good, most are professional, a few here and there are a little relaxed most are pretty good.
bom atendimento de maioria dos vendedores e pre?os bons
Needs better tutorial or help documentation to enter an order.
i recommended because its very profesional.
Alibaba have been very racist and discriminating towards me the buyer  and did NOT help with my refund, they didnt even care that i was scammed and abused by there sellers.Alibaba has NO PHONE NUMBERALIBABA needs to have customers service for each country & in english with a free phone number so we can talk about things as we the buyers spend lots of money and aliabab should care about that or thee wouldnt be a alibaba.
A lot of scammers and fake suppliers on Alibaba is an issueBut overall Alibaba is very useful and good
no
I have used Alibaba for over 8 years now and it is my first bus stop for my business in China
sometimes the samples are placed for a price more than 10 times the unit price, that is not right and Alibaba should control that.I've been tricked many times of the horrible quality received trading online, so I don't pay the bill of my order until I receive the samples and check the product with my own eyes.Thank you!
Great system. Comunication with suppliers and ordering platform very simple.
seguro y buenos proveedores
The supplier was very helpful in meeting my needs to get the product as specified.
N/A
Quality of products and merchants is good and a large variety promoted competitive pricing.
i really recommend Alibaba because they are very honest with the customers and they are very helpful thanks Alibaba
I feel more secure purchasing products through Alibaba. I like being given the opportunity to write a review after each purchase. Using Alibaba.com allows my company to build good business relationships and trust with suppliers.
i recommend because is very easy and the seller are good
Because it is cool that you can protect the purchases of the goods you need
Everyone that i talk to are very helpful!  Great job to everyone.
Friendly Service, large stable service
It is a easy way to shop or source out the items you require
Gret products at a reasonable price and very good interaction with the representatives.
Highly recommend as you could find proper suppliers with trade guarantee
I don't have a complete opinion yet
I had a manufacturer who tried to change the order and so I got my money back through Alibaba. That was very good.
Companies have been great to deal with - very eager to please
i am dissatisfied because you didn't shipping to my country "Egypt"
Seller dos not ship my shipment ,and delay me long time and going to refund ,its not serious seller they lost my time
Many manufacturers are not really respecting what they put on their publications. I have to ask always, hey its not that product you show it on X colour or you show it on X price...And also they are saying MOQ 1000 and then when ordering samples, they say no is 5))0 units for MOQ!!!
I have not received my 2nd shipment nor can I get a hold of anyone. Where is my product or my money?
Буду рекомендовать, т.к. нравится защита покупателя и продавцы заинтересованы в честных сделках.
like the prices
I like the feeling of security in the purchase. I really do congratulate them.
many many suppliers
I will recomend
chat feature is very poor
may products to select. secure payments
This is a good and happy experience to deal with Alibaba.
.
Buenos productos a buenos precios?
It is easy to use
A very professional appearance, which in the end can also convince the doubters.  If you stick to certain rules, it's as good as what you know.
adorei
I find everything I need without exceptions
They were very unfair when evaluating, they went away in photos not in real events, that I was the victim of a scam with poor quality products and more packaged shipments that caused damage when I arrived in my country.
There a lot of scammers in this page, you need to be careful
It works. Some suppliers are very aggressive and some put false prices just to get the business attention.
Somehow or somewhere Alibaba charge a lot of money without invoice after I confirm the total price with the manufacturer. Totally not clear what Alibaba charge.
It took longer than 30 days for the product to arrive, and trade assurance assumed that the order was complete after 30 days.
.
I will recommend it because there is a very large base of suppliers.
Secure, cheap
The only issue is the fact that orders close before being delivered. I ordered with "trade assurance" I thought, but it already said delivered when it wasn't delivered at all, so in case they wouldnt deliver, I would have lost my money. They delivered weeks later though, but I had no chance to get anything back.
No experience so far.
Easy to use
Very responsive and profession order handling/tracking.
I would recommend, communication can be tracked
not visible to buyer, doesn't make sence, my package say it shipping when ti hasnt
Sellers respond quickly, service is fast and efficient, prices are some of the best I've ever seen.
The only reason, if there was one is that the Chinese suppliers often have a bad command of English. This can and often does lead to missunderstandings. But I have been fortunate enough to deal with the two companies who showed excellent skills. The skills to quickly tell me what I needed to know.
because there awesome
It is easy to order
des prix intéressant
I HAVE ORDERED AN ITEM THROUGH ALIBABA AND IT AS NOT ARRIVED
all my items available in one site
I was very unfortunate to have 1 bad manufacturer, his merchandise is very low quality , when I tried to chat with him, Bond was very rude and did not wan to collaborate or help me in any way to fix the issue.He was actually very disrespectful and refused to help me.
yes i will
Using trade assurance make everything easy for the buyer. We do not worry about he shipment date and quality any more.
Hello,I am very happy with ALIBABA, but I would not recommend because the supplier below managed to keep my 600$ without giving me anything. I wanted to cancel the order and he pressured me and kept all my money! Today he does not even tell me on the invoice thatMrs. Sally SongLixian County Yi Heng Textile Co., Ltd.Trade AssuranceChinaTransaction Level:Supplier Assessments:20 Transactions10,000+Response Time&lt;24hResponse Rate93.7%that he gave me nothing! This supplier was dishonest with me, but inexperienced, I got robbed! Today it is noted at 93.7%? That’s why even if Alibaba is a great platform, I wouldn’t recommend! If a friend of mine had the same mishap, what would she think of me, then!
I shop with little stress
v good services
The order is automatically set as received and completed by Alibaba, even though the customer has not even received it from the wholesaler. And it's sooo hard to get answers.
safe Trade Assurance online orders when payment is made through Alibaba.com.
helpful website
The seller is very helpful. Everything I need online is available when I search on Alibaba.com.
Easy to use; safe
becouse i found trust suppliers
very good
I'd recommend it because it is a great platform to source products and grow your business
would recommend because its like a one stop shop for all your needs as a trader
There is not a person to send a dispute when you have an issue with a seller. All sellers should also list prices including shipping as they constantly change their pricing. Transaction fees should be refundable if order is cancelled. Other than these reasons, I love Alibaba.
Alibaba is great for only Chinese suppliers but it's hard to find suppliers from other countries, who have more product with better quality,
I would re
It is very difficult to work as easily as whatsapps or viber or messenger.The messages don't refresh properly, and sometimes there is a log of delay in getting messages.
not currently.
Sometimes it is difficult to find a good supplier. But if you have found the right one then it goes perfectly. Friendly people and good service. Sometimes the suppliers you do not work with sometimes want to be intrusive and keep pushing
Very efficient and clear to operate
It gives me confidence when buying from a supplier from a long distance.
It is a very friendly business center
service and security
It's very is to use and organize products and suppliers
,
i would recommend because the quality of the product is very good
por el idioma, cuando quería una muestra del producto de tejidos, me mandaron otra cosa que no era de mi rubro. una de las limitaciones es la traduccion del idioma.
okee
I think it's better to have trade assurance than to not have it and there are good aspects of the service, but the tracking for orders could be much better
No.
0
It is great, perhaps i'm not use to it enough to say it's perfect!
it?s one of the best ways of make business
I am an new entrepreneur who has been struggling to find machines two months ago. Then I started to search information from the internet and visit to exhibition. Thereafter I found all the details which I need to have and what I need to purchase will be available at the "alibaba.com"
n/a
Неограниченные возможности для бизнеса.
To many steps to go through.   I like to order smaller amounts as well.
POR S?O CONFI?VEIS
I will recomend Alibaba services since I find all I want and the platform is realiable and very safe. Providers have good quality products and provide good service,Congratulations.
GREAT!!!
A better explanation of the delivery terms and a high legal value of what the seller tells you in messages, and goods correspondence one hundred percent of what sellers offer to buyer. These implementations would lead to a super idealistic service for small and medium-sized businesses around the globe.
Satisfaite
generan confianza para realizar las compras
Great prices and professional salespeople!
The Post was very slowly, but I payd for it
For several years, I had done business trading on Amazon, and I have had zero complaints. Earlier this year, I expanded my business and I wanted to try some businesses with Alibaba. I had a very bad experience with the shipping / logistics company I was using. It has been over 4months, they have not shipped my items. they gave one excuse after the other. They have my items and they have my shipping money as well. I raised trade assurance on Alibaba. After several days of collecting evidence.  When Alibaba trade assurance came up with a decision, they said they contacted the supplier and that I should be patient! Nothing was said about where my goods were, when they will be shipped and when I am expected to receive them. Just to be patient. For another 6months? This shipper has probably done it before and knew he would get away with it, that's why he did it to me, and he will definitely do it to another person, and trade assurance or not, he will get away with it.
Quick response, safe and good quality products.
I think it's a great way to connect with overseas manufacturers and Alibaba make the buying process much easier through its portal.
no refund recived
Excellent service and trust.
Everything perfekt
I am from the USA and started using Alibaba.com a year ago or so. I've slowly started to order more and more for our companies. I really have no negative comments. SEE OTHER SECTION
Because product titles are usually far from what the actual product is,Also because trade assurance does not work as it should do.In my opinion there should be an accurated selection more than Gold supplier or trade assurance, all the suppliers we've meet have a lack of quality in their products.
some of suppliers showing price very attractive on website and when some one try to place order then they confirm higher price. by 10 times and more
i like alibaba
Safe transaction
Is really easy to find several offers for the same product and sellers are really nice, excellent customer service. They check the seller products and factory, so you can feel more confident about the purchase.
no issue
Cant get a recipt so its hard for bad for business
wait a long time payout cash back f, but I advise friends of allibaba
its helpful to secure my purchase from new suppliers .
Alibaba is big platform for business and we can find every kind of item here but here is only problem is the shipping problem even for samples you have to pay handsome money.
The whole system seems to be reliable and can be trusted.
Because I uploaded lots of evidence even youtube video showing product I got is used and not in good conidition sold at 3 time real price, trade assurance collaborator contact me saying he hasn't got enough evidence to solve the dispute, I think this is totally dishonnnest, and I will come bcak with my lyawer if I dont get any refund for this product I ve paid 2500 usd
I would recommend it because it is secure, reliable and easy to use.
It is a good place to search for new products, but i would like that you make difference between fabrics and re sellers, because everybody says they are a fabric but it is not real.
The browser is interactive to a certain extent. The windows panes are well laid out but we should be allowed to adjust the size of the window panes
Great deals
Trade Assurance gives peace of mind knowing your purchase is protected.
no me dan solución a un proceso de disputa que tengo pendiente
I?ve made a lot of business here and they always solve the problems
it works
I purchased a guitar from Jinhua Fordland Trading Co., Ltd. and they pulled a bait and switch. The guitar I ordered was one I have been wanting for a long time- A 339 Harley Benton style with humbuckers. What I got was a 335 style Gibson that had a second quality craftsmanship with a crooked neck that cannot be fixed. I was very disappointed and wanted to send it back for a refund or to get what I actually paid for. Instead I had no protection. Alibaba did not stand behind me or my purchase and only refunded me 75 which is slightly less than what I paid for shipping. Ita disgusting how your business operates and does not protect the buyer from poor sellers who have businesses on your platform. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SITE again. I am partners with Donavon Frankenreiter, an American musician who has a million followers. We will let everyone of them know not to buy any guitars from Sunny at Jinhua Fordland Trading Co., Ltd.  or anyone on the Alibaba platform.
None
I would give a 10 if pricing on Alibaba wasn't so complex. Most issues arise not only in quality issues but complex and bait and switch pricing tactics.
excellent service and communication.
It is a great platform for business owners to get in contact with manufacturers in China. it provides security to me as a buyer
It is a very good place to find what you are looking for at a good price and good quality, Excellent to start a business.
Provides an extra level of assurance to purchases when working with new suppliers.
The person assigned to resolve the dispute is very biased.The whole conversation feels like they represent the supplier.I will never again buy from Alibaba because the system is not fair.Your are biased. You are dishonest.
Recommendable because it provides security about made agreements and holds the business partner accountable to made promises.
I would reccommend ...Great sourcing   & Trade Assurance
I would recommend the Alibaba.com Services because I found myself in complete safety: the search engine is easy to use, the Message center is easy to use, the Trade Assurance provides security, the payments methods are also easy to use and safe.
Do not see any controll of Alibaba on Chinese supplier for what they present thru Alibaba.Once order is placed, and paid thru Alibaba, when ever any issue occures, Alibaba is not ready to discuss anything on phone to resolve, Just passing to complain,. Finaly ending with no results.Buyer lost time fund and productivity. Alibaba does not take any responsibility on supplier's LYES for shipping with fradulent information.
The dispute was supposed to be resolved within 5 working days and now it has been 7 working days and no one has even reached out to me. This is rediculous, I have provided all the evidence that clearly shows how seller has misinformed me.
ok
The system is just not compatible with the United States yet. It is practically impossible to make a payment. The credit card system fails everytime. The instructions on the other payment system do not match with the information needed to make payments in those ways. The bank transfer has way too many security hurdles in order to make the payment. Super
great customer service.
easy to order
muito bom ,precisa melhorar a questa? de fretes
Trade assurance, hassle free documentation,
You cant beet the prices on Alibaba and for the most part everyone responds very promptly
Mit der Plattform l?sst es sich gut arbeiten.Falls man Hilfe braucht, bekommt man diese.
Possibly because there is no receipt of payment issued
saidouzongo@gmail.com
-
Fuck you ALIBABA GANG
Always OK support and answers
Made payment easy to Suppliers specially small orders or sampling
Great services
too much fake not always secure
I will recommend because of prompt, excellent & secured service.
I could recommend Alibaba.com Service why it is most convenience to look parts and easy to do payment via online.
Alibaba is a very trusty company.
I would not!I have made bad experience with my last order (No. 18545830001024427).The part has a malfunction. To get a refund, I have to send it back on my owncost but the shippingcost are the same as the costs for the order so I will not send it back.Now I have order a new one in my country  with full guarantee without any risk only a bit more expensive. For the future I will everybody recommend to order those thinks only in overseas when they are sure that the guarantee will work.
Everything is good, but there are some small inconveniences (chat window is very bad, interface is a bit overwhelming), and my personal issue is that trade assurance always ends fast, when the product is not arrived yet. Also expensive logistics to Russia.
all ok
Good service!
BUSY
? havent reicieve my order yet
It is too hard to pay for what you have ordered! Nothing  but Trouble!
Toptan al??-veri? yapmak (ithalat), mensubu oldu?umuz ülkelerin gümrük prosedürlerine ba?l?d?r. Türkiye'nin Gümrük prosedürleri kapsam?nda bilgi mekanizmas?n?n geli?tirilmesi,ihtiya? duydu?umuz bilgi ve belgelerin temini noktas?nda, sat?c?larla daha iyi ve etkin bir ?ekilde  ileti?im kurulmas?na olanak tan?nmal?d?r. Nakliye hizmetlerinin (Hava ve Deniz yolu) daha dü?ük ücretli olmas? i?in bir anla?ma yap?lmal?d?r.
I would recommend it because of the positive experiencies I've had buying from Alibaba.com
good service, and have had good experience with people with good english skills
It is comfortable and easy to have assistance with the process and is comfortable to have when things are being done at a distance.
no
There is a safety place to buy
por los productos que ofrecen
your message centre is very cumbersome to use and the update to orders is not satisfactory. I still have unprocessed orders and yet have made all the payments. Why is this process not automatic?
It's a safe way to do business with companies
a good experience in the platform and the service of the provider
Need to reply faster
I have ordered and paid for several items, over $25,000.00 USD, and have received NOTHING.  I was called by someone in China today that had no idea that the items were NOT SHIPPED when the Alibaba System said it was.  Therefore, the Alibaba SYSTEM is helping with fraud.
USD/AUD Exchange rate is exorbitant.
The technology needs to be continuously updated as well as improvements to how claims are handled. I was recently involved in a claim where I had evidence of a supplier confusing our order and not clarifying how many products they initially sent and how they charged us.
User friendly, trade assurance protect buyers
Everything is fast. No complications
The supplier has been great and the products are very good quality. also, Alibaba gives our business a peace of mind if there is an issue, there is a way to resolved it since the supplier is in China and i am located in the USA.
shipping costs are not available on some of the products, and its taking to long for suppliers to ship out.
+++++++++++++++++
muy confiable
I sent payment for an item. Received wrong item. Sent more money to get correct item and for shipping. No response.
Because im always buy here and never time before i made a refund claim, this only claim was very complicated and they do not value the seriousness in the customer history, they even asked me for youtube videos, it should be a tool of the page to have what it takes to make the claim
It is a perfect market place
Good supply sources.  Sometimes difficult to identify specific products.  Prepayment puts all the transaction risk on the buyer.
message center changes greatly complicate the correspondence with the seller.It is very difficult to find previously written messages.Before that was much more comfortable.
los precios son muy buenos y el trato hasta el momento es bueno y no tengo tejas solo una sugerencia me gustaría que especificaran el precio de envíos a peru gracias por unidad y por cantidad  al menos una referencia que se pueda negociar porque en otros proveedores esta mas el envio y en otros esta menos gracias.
Depends on my order placed recently
Because this is the BIG Market Place. it's not the small one. that's why i can not tell my friends to buy the products from Alibaba.
i like
Detalle de seguimiento
わずか1週間で壊れたら部品だけ贈ってきて、こっちに組み立てさせる。普通は新品と交換だろう
because that have order in bulk qty then rates are cheaper only companies give order, a single person cannot order or get cheapest single item on this site.
-
We prefer to be able to use our Credit Card Facility to make the Payments.
Its safe. Most people worry about trusting unknown suppliers
Safe purchasing
comparative prices
your service is nice
Easy to find suppliers.
Would recommend for the efficiency of ordering from suppliers. As well as huge variety of supplier optioins.
good
The period to verify quality and assure the product's quality is good is too short for certain products.
actually it depends on the which manufacturer we choose. some are really good, but others ,,,,
Atendimento ótimo e prazos!
I have made good savings percentage through my purchases in Alibaba. However, i would not recommend it because i've had issues that i transfer an order amount using USD and the intermediary bank exchange it into HKD, which made me lose 500 USD in my last order
I would because your service is awesome!
satisfaction
none
Because I feel the support is always the best I can get.
won't let me pay with card on the second order
Easy communication, easy platform to find goods.
It is safer to buy through alibaba
OK
Your Trade Assurance Mediation Department isn't capable of Mediation or any kind of QA/QC decisions. I received a faulty item with more than one reasons to activate the Trade Assurance refund, the trade assurance team just wanted to help the supplier and be done with it, no checks or even reading some of the replies sent. The procedure is decided by a laughable 'evidence' while there's a ton of other proofs showing that contract terms were broken making me question the motives of the mediation department. Overall a really bad experience which I wouldn't recommend to anyone.
good service, a lost products
es  rapida la retroalimentacion con el proveedor  ya que el portafolio  del que dispone alibaba es extenso lo que deriba en credibilidad por parte del comprador, es justo lo que cualquier comprador necesita para comprar cualquier mercaderia con seguridad y dinamismo.atte. mario
its a good source to start looking to source products for resale.  Negative is some or a lot of the vendors do not respond.  I would like to see a more organized message center.
Trade assurance service is very high when using Credit Card!  Sellers not listing their actual prices in their advertisements, they usually list way below than what they actually want!
I ordered something a month ago and still did not receive it, and the app and website isn't easy to use, hard to navigate.
Have never had to use it so far, but feel more comfortable knowing that there is security in what I am purchasing.
i recommend alibaba due to the facility of navigation and trade assurance
.
I am in the process of filing our first claim now
I would recommend alibaba because you can find any supplier very fast and the trade assurance makes me feel safe my transactions will be ok.
I recommend it to my friends. It is a convenient platform for shopping in bulk.
I had an EXTREMELY bad interaction with a seller trying to scam me. I paid in full the amount they asked me to pay for the order I placed and a second salesperson intervened and raised the price AFTER I paid and signed the contract. I got some of my money back. I did NOT get the items and my time was wasted. This seller is still on Alibaba doing the same thing and according to reviews, they have done it plenty in the past. It is terrible you allow them to continue to be a seller on your site.My time and all of that effort and my fees paid to Trade Assurance are gone and I will never get them back. This is not fair.
safe transactions.
We recently filed a trade assurance refund claim, hoping that we could recoup some of our losses after receiving poorly manufactured, damaged, and moldy goods. This issue has taken a significant toll on our business. The trade assurance mediation did not result in a mutually-agreed-upon solution between our company and our supplier. The mediator let the seller control the conversation in all cases, despite the fact that we: 1) paid for items that were never shipped (violating our contract), 2) did not receive the items in a timely fashion (as stated in our contract), and 3) provided clear and compelling evidence of damages. We received very little support from Alibaba, even though our supplier was clearly in violation of our contract terms. Based on our interactions, it seems that Trade Assurance mediations favor sellers while providing minimal protection for buyers, which severely hinders the value of Trade Assurance protections at all. We are very disappointed.
Simples e facil de trabalhar.
NA
ninguna
Trouble getting orders - unreliable delivery
Great sourcing from China...
I am satisfied of the Alibaba services, at this moment everything is OK.
you allow people to get scammed on your platform.
Safety
make contact with Alibaba to request any help that is presented is impossible to achieve, through email, impossible and by phone there is no where to contactDoes not respond when one asks for help.make contact with Alibaba to request any help that is presented is impossible to achieve, through email, impossible and by phone there is no where to contactDoes not respond when one asks for help.Alibaba is the only company that is trusted so that the suppliers comply and do not keep the money that has already happened to us and the complain was incoherent
facilidad de compra
When you find a good supplier... they are VERY good.
It is the best
/
Ok
well control of suppliers in Alibaba is making buyers feel safe.
Easy to source products and can connect to other besides from the one we selected.
Completamos solo una operación hasta el momento
Plataforma simples e com poucos cliks realizamos a compras.
everythink is greath
very helpful
The technology can be very very difficult to navigate at times.
Cost
I have no reason
Fake products and bad Chinese suppliers
I cant get my money back from dishonest supplier - Wuhan Kindlelaser Optoelectronic Co.Alibaba administration didnt help.
fast, efficient and straight to what u really need.
Everything was good, I never had to call on Alibaba for anything so I don't really know how they react if a buyer is in a crisis situation..The company I used ended up being fine..
Difficulty finding the specific products I need.Most suppliers have a lead time of 15+ days which is too long.
I find the Alibaba mail system very confusing.
I think that the alibaba is the safe trade plateform , but when i got a problem when shipment not received so many issues are raising to refund the money.So many sites in india where any problem like this online trade plateform compnay resolve the problem instantly and refund the money back.
There is no warning that customs will have to be paid and should one day include it in the price, if you ask for a refund you have to pay the shipping, little Spanish on the page, the products can not be ordered from higher to lower price, publications that have The shipment is incorrect and the provider asks for more for the shipment, few payment options, there is no chat in Spanish.
thanks
no
Alibaba doesn't care buyer, they only care seller because seller can earn money for them!! Alibaba is fraud!! I will warn all of my business praters and friends with my horrific experience and let them be away from Alibaba!!
easy to deal with and met my needs
its so good plataform
no apply
I like it a lot it is a very good service for dealing with new suppliers
I am generally very happy with most of my experiences om Alibaba. I would like it more if companies were more honest with the MOQ required, I have enquired about several products only to be told I needed to order a lot more than I required. It wastes everyones time.
Recomendaría porque tienes productos innovadores. Pero deben exigir a los afiliados a que atiendan de inmediato al mercado latinoamericano ya que nosotros también somos clientes y no pueden dejarnos al ultimo por los pocos pedidos que realizamos.
China suppliers do not stand behind product they make it difficult to return goods that are unacceptable
Pelo excelente trabalho
I try to work by trade assurance by alibaba platform looking to get full back support and protection; all my operation was by alibaba platform and really try to keep strictly sense and loyalty; however, when I really need back support from dispute team, they delay a lot of time to give me a solution and finally dispute team do not give me protection even thoug I upload full evidence about terrible conditions delivery from supplier.Contract was for more than 17,000.00 USD and dispute team let me alone in that question. That experience was terribel to me and dangerous for our trustable business with Trade Assurance
I would recommend Alibaba.com Services to other businesses it is safe
Honestos, cumplidos, rápidos y eficientes.
It is a great service and really well done when it comes to customer protection in case of bad products.
Availability of special things at great prices.
I would recommend Alibaba services because you can find whatever you want, easy comm., variety of payment methods, safe payment available with too many suppliers,....
alibaba es excelente pero hay muchos proveedores que no lo son
?Hola! Tengo muchas reclamaciones para esta empresa, las dos mesas de u?as blancas están muy rotas además con malas terminaciones, una mesa peque?a blanca está rota, una lámpara no tiene el cargador por lo cual no la puedo utilizar, las sillas negras están manchadas, envían otras dos sillas de otro color que no era el de mi envio, el envío debió enviarse en 30 días y tardo 60 días. La naviera que tuvo éxito me hizo pagar el envío afirmando que no pagarán, esto aparte del impuesto, el arancel y el BL que también paguen y gasten un promedio de 2500 dólares para la entrega de la cual ella nunca informó. No me responde mis reclamos y no me dio una solución para estos artículos en tan mal estado y sería muy costoso devolver todo además fue enviado por código de barras un muy largo tiempo
I order the materials 4 to 5 months ago, but they didn't ship it. and, When I request the refund. no bodies replay to me. (amount is 70USD)
AliBaba does have almost every thing you need and they are helpful to costumers .I had a very good help from AliExpress they are the same company .
I think Alibaba need to have a better system, to help customer with dispute. Also, the refund policy should be at least 30 days, 15 Is not enough to test most of the equipment coming from Chine. I always order a lot of machine, I being ordering for 9 years and I will like to know that Alibaba can help me results a situation, before I call my credit card company. Also, the credit card fee should be lower, especially when I am consistently ordering machines. I pay with credit card, instead of bank, because I feel protective.
Runs smoothly
Я олачивал заказы с карты, через сайт Алибаба.В этот раз я не смог произвести оплату и служба поддержки не помогла мне.
Хотелось бы, чтобы покупка  была несколько упрощенной версией, чтобы каждый мог совершать покупки в тот момент, иногда  возникают некоторые трудности с оплатой Спасибо.
It's hard to figure out the site’s interface. I recommend simplifying the site interface as much as possible so that the user can better navigate.
User friendly , efficient
Nil
I would recommend Alibaba services but the drawback is that most companies require large quantities for orders as the cost of purchasing 1,000.00 of the items, plus postage and storing them is just too prohibitive for a small business
I will recommed always.
I have been following up with Alibaba Support Team with regards to my dispute on Order No: 16870127001021868. Provided all the evidence and requested information promptly. It's been more than 2 months and they are yet not settling the dispute. But rather advising me to take a small sum and close the dispute. Buyers are not getting any assurance or confidence to buy from Alibaba if this is the way its managed.
Would recommend. Havent had any issues and any dispute we have alibaba help us through quickly
The warranty for machine from supplier is not good
IT VERY HELPFUL WEBSITE AND EASY TO USE
Reliable and fast
very variative product and competitive price
na
Most of seller is good and quick response for my questions
On your payment options, you show American Express as an option but that is not true. You don't accept American Express and that's how my business conducts business by using a business card. It's a big in convince and a little deceiving to see an option I can't use.
N/A
Hi, there, i am not happy with the way they dealt with my dispute. i was constantly in contact with them, providing them with the evidence. they close the dispute without fully investigating
its good
Good service and ecxelent opocion to do bussiness.
There is no reason why would I not recommend you to anyone. You the best ?
Me han sido de mucha utilidad para mi negocio, con la garantía que estoy comprando lo que me ofrece el proveedor
For the second time, it was good
I will recommend because of the suppliers diversity.
Nothing specific
i was extremely disappointed with 2 purchases and alibaba did not respond adequately in the open debate
Yes, I recommend Site Alibaba and the company, obviously for their reputation and honesty in their commercial treatment.
He tenido muy buenos resultados con esta plataforma.
Precios bajos en compras por volumen
lo ecomendaria por cuestiones de las compras y variedad de productos, pero lamentablemente el soporte a cliente muy malo, hay vendedores que vende cosas sin probar y luego no quieren hacerse responsables.
I recommend because you can find anything and people is nice.
ok
Many of these sellers on here don't see the benefit of bulk purchase and offer the same price they offer to people who sell just one item.
PERCHE' MI SENTO TRANQUILLO DI NON PRENDERE FREGATURE
Good Service
I love it!
perché ci si sente piu sicuri anche se costa un po di piu
все отлично
Don't protect buyer
Order No. 20898478501024373  no feedback at allOrder No. 20873170001024373  no feedback at all no informations about shipping just request to delay shippment and no communication or update information at all
Great for customer service
all simply because the site alibaba gives reason to the seller even when it is wrong, the site agrees to put false product record, example I buy a vehicle with EEC COC which is well written in the article title. but I received nothing the vehicle is gone in destruction because of the certificate of more than one request does not maritime invoice for the France put of answer, third thing my dispute and escalate by alibaba since October 18 still no answer, the delay 5 days and far exceed, rely on me to file a complaint against your site created a page on facebook youtube, and a blog on the first page on google (SEO, SEA) against your scam to prevent new customers not to make my mistake ! do not pass on your site. the authority mon says you are not the first and not the last who gets scammed by your site
safe traiding
we can find almost 80 percent of products required
no
Porque para realizar algunas comprobacion en adquirir una muestra e sun problema por los costos altos sea aereo o maritimos hay mucha trabas.
I am Satisfied.
The alibaba have many products
Customer services are trying their best to help out your concern.
no
Доступные цены, большой ассортимент
There is nothing you can do to help customer when things really happen. I received a very poor products from china. Poor and damaged. Because we had to go through insurance which really take long time, while trade assurance couldn't cover that long. I requested for extension but nothing you can do. End up those trailers cost more money than buy in here. And  Ping An insurance is shit too, the way they handled things, transfer etc up till now 3 months, nothing received nor email replied.Will never buy things from China anymore. Liar.
I have an issue with the supplayer for buying some capacitor and i ask for the technical details and mesurements and i spend a lot of money for receive those materials and once we receive the materials we found that its totally differnent from the catalog which the Supplayer show to me
the interface is very complicated. i have found few fake sellers in the system demanding the money to be sent via western union. not all the sellers and the payment methods are covered by the trade assurance. sellers advertise very cheap rates and finally when asked for the rate they give very high rates or when go to direct payments the shipping cost is highly exaggerated
easy to use
As long as you keep communications and payment within Alibaba, things are good.  We were scammed pretty badly by paying outside of Alibaba but that will not happen again.
qualsiasi cosa mi interessa posso pensare di acquistarla senza timore di conoscere la ditta venditrice perché mi sento sereno e tranquillo grazie a Trade Assurance
i would recommend because its efficient :)
I HAD AN ORDER (Order No. 16364910001025168) on the 26/7/19the seller wrote me he made mistake with the price and i should add more money.i answered that its not my mistake and he can send the item or cancel the order.since then nothing happened although i wrote him 4-5 times and tried to get my money back.
best customer service
The item was purchased using Trade Assurance order and there was serious problem with the item. I have been trying to get a full refund for this item and after multiple back-and-forth with the supplier, we did not reach a resolution. I escalated this and it has been almost a month...The Alibaba representative has been dragging this on and has not resolved this issue! I requested Elaine (Alibaba rep) to escalate it to her supervisor but she has not done so! This is taking too much of my time and it has been a very bad experience for me!
is very cool, i made good affairs
Mostly about the companies who's advertising are mostly don't know if it's legitimate or not and mostly the ads that they're showing and the prices are totally different when they gave you their qoutations and most of all mostly companies they never ever replied to costumers when they'd contacted.
dddd
speed of deliveries and time differences in communication is not rapid enough
C
very quick service
Very efficient service
Still waiting on my order after a month and no feed back
not sure how it works
Would recommend due to the ease of mind it offers
Some cap has broken. some bottle isn't wear plastic.
refunds take too long even when they are mutual
It will take a long time to receive a reply.
very poor communications .
Alibaba is a good company with great deals. However, the sellers on Alibaba are not all very professional
I have too little (good) experience, yet.
It looked to me that you did not care much if I get the goods or not.
The shipping cost and shipping time
too much advertising com to me
I have not received my product. I have reached out to all resource that are in place for issues like this through your website and I have yet to get a solution.
Safe trading method on the platform
I have never had to use the trade assurance service, thankfully.  I will say that I will not work with a supplier that wants me to pay off of the Alibaba site.  knowing that I have Alibaba to protect us if something were to happen that was covered by Trade Assurance, allows me to be able to do business.  I am a small family business, my money needs to be spent wisely.  The Trade Assurance feels wise.
it is reliable
Not relevant comments
I recommend Trade Assurance Service as it gurantee receiving our goods as per the agreement. More secure.
Still yet to receive products.
fast and easy
seguridad
There is a lot of scam around here. People that want to make bussiness out of page, like payments vía Moneygram or Western Union, and there is not even one "REPORT" buttom near to make an investigation, leading to a very risky bussiness climate around here. So, kinda risky to keep buying here, wouldn't recomend someone unexperienced. You need a more strict quality service and supervision.Plus, some announcements sometimes are out of stock, or prices differ when you talk with the provider. Was buying some KN95 respirators por $1 each at the beginning of the announcement, and at the end they were at $1.7 each or some are not even on stock, when they say "stock". Sometimes the price goes up and the specifications of product doesn't change. Example: only the image says "20 pcs" but the description says "1 mask", so this leads confusion, because the seller can say the description of product says "1 mask", even do the image contain "20pcs".
they are very serious people responsible
I would recommend this service to any business owner if simply for two reasons. First, the sheer volume of products unconventional or unavailable products offered through this platform is an incredible resource. Secondly, the customer support has exceeded my expectations. Thank you.
Selfishly I would never "just" anyone to Alibaba. If everyone knew about Alibaba then I wouldn't make money.. :) I am sure you understand..
Excellent Customer Service
Is easy and reliable
Its make everything easier and simple
good
Trade Assurance guarantees refund in case of wrongful trade practices. This is the best part.
Great product selection and attention to customer service.  Negative---most of the product descriptions on Alibaba use improper English, or are hard to understand because of confusing words.  But thank you for speaking English!
no
why you put the trade assurance automatically from your system after 10 or 15 days even not confirmation by the buyer... i have suffering for my parcel which is too much late but i know about over all position of the world due to virus.. so i will not claim anyone about the late arrival.. just pray for everyone and for my parcel ...
safety reasons
Honestly, I think I'm too new to business to give a accurate review, but I am very happy so far!
There is no information about the precise price , you dont mention that for Europe there will be VAT and costum , in my case , 50 euros for about 140 euro the cost of the order.When we buy from other site , we pay the indicated price only.
money back
I have never had to use it. But no reason not to recommed at this point.
Protection from fraudulent deals, it gave me confidence in the transaction.
Shipping overview is very unpredictable. Packages can tend to arrive at wrong locations and have to be either refunded or sent again. You need to work on shipping precision.
I was taken advatage of big time!!!  Quoted a price and then forced to pay $1024 more for shipping once it was half way across the world with no other options.   Alibaba will not guarantee and make the seller take responsibility.
I just wanted to change my phone number on file.  since I got a new phone and a new phone  number.I needed to fill out the form.  I get it.. trying to be secure and check to make sure it is not a fraud.But it has to be hand written only, not typed.  I also have to send in the copy of my ID.  it has to be taken with camera, not scanned...  They won't accept it other wise.  What the heck is with all this rules?  I don't get the reason for making me do it this way.  First, how they will verify my hand writing?  second, ID picture can be manipulated just as easy as scanned picture.keep rejecting my request to have just a phone number changed.Now I can't log in from my home computer, when I'm most comfortable to shop at night.
I would suggest
I'm buying from this platform for 3 years and I met some really liars and bad sellers/suppliers. Even though I talked with them before the payment, they would still have lie regarding the number of products they have, regarding the quality, regarding the time they will send the package. I met some very unprofessional suppliers. Even though I report this through Alibaba, Alibaba wont helped me, Alibaba sustained the liar suppliers. These people are scams and just trying to convince you to buy from them. Alibaba is aware of this but they wont do nothing. The fee is the fee and you have no guarantee that they will help you to receive back the money u lost because of the liar sellers! Im dissapointed because this dont happen only one, it happened a lot of times!
Trade Assurance it is good for costumer it is save big money that  i spend if travel to chinabut there is one problem (Assurance period time) it to small must be 25 day for air freightand 60 days for sea  freighti am in libya it is take from 2 to 3 weeks to receipt goods when shipping goods via air freightand 60 day when shipping goods via air freight
No items have arrived
We have never received refunds on two occastion even though they said they sent it. .  We have send a notice and we have not received the reply.
you should increase more payment options
It didn’t take long chatting with different vendors to find many I communicated clearly with. The contacts that I’ve made have been with genuine people who followed through and delivered superb products. I’m so happy I took the leap and trusted Alibaba to connect me with valuable resources that have  helped me realize my designs and grow my business.
I DIDNT USE
Slow and complicated
staisfied with service
None
na
gives us the assurance to deal with suppliers whom we never met
Very friendly stuff !! Quick response !
Very good service!
The vendors need to appropriately vetted to ensure we are getting higher quality products. Please check ”100% Pure Essential Oil” category, you can see some products are not really 100% pure without additive.
fast service
Suppliers ignore poor quality
LOVE IT. IT PROIVDE A SENSE OF SECUIRTY
Been waiting 3 months for my item to be shipped out. Delay because of virus but i ordered a month before then
Great service
Trade assurance was the only reason I placed an order as it guaranteed the seller not being a fruad and if the item did not arrive i would get my refund back
lovely
Most trustfull.
the machine is useless. I already made the complaint but nobody responds. Quality is appalling. an industrial 100 kg machine for cold pressing juices and makes a blender more. Really disappointed that my savings were. I did not have a good experience
I prefer TRS (Trade Assurance Service) as they are reachable via Ali Baba-I will rather not to do business if Ali Baba is not part of this which gave us comfort zone to do business at this platform- there are many site working directly but their stuff is valunable
Delay in delivery against the extended 4 weeks
I lost 2 order from alibaba
Your messaging software "send" the message when you hit "enter", there should be a click to send button so that hitting "enter" gives you a "line" to separate information. So often I type Hi Nancy, hit enter and it sends just Hi Nancy.
Is super site!!
It helps to know that your investment is protected by Alibaba, and keeps every in good behavior.
is good
Very easy to use.
Dear Sirs,1. Very simple and easy to use platform2. Positive orientation for business and transactions3. Keep first contacts more secure and openGood job, guys :-)
very reassuring for any trade
easy access. ordering process and fast service
safety
I would recommend the price but not the lead time and shipping...
been waiting for return
Trade Assurance has given me mush confidence that my money is safe.
it helps to be safe
so many sellers and products
It was very easy
easy to track your purchases.
I recommend that if it is done and it is useful to buy, sure that you buy what you need.
Feel Safety in the transactions
I love the B2B with China. I wish Alibaba would help with the explanations of tariffs amount going to the US
No commentary
safe and easy to use
very good
I would recommend it to other people because of the excellent communication and being kept up to date with the progress of my order.
The flashlight order was not entirely as ordered. There were RED, BLUE, and GREEN flashlights ordered with the color printed on the side of each. The RED flashlights were fine. The flashlights that were labeled GREEN actually had BLUE LED bulbs in them showing a blue color beam. The flashlights labeled BLUE actually had GREEN LED bulbs in them showing a green color beam.
It is safe to buy and they are attentive to everything
Alibaba needs to pick well their suppliers and make it easy for the buyer to browse the app
Cause Supplier cheat and trick. They take orders and money then dont deliverthen we cancel the orderAlibabab makes money as transaction fees
Thank ypu.
Por su puntualidad y la calidad de la mercancía y por su amable comunicación con el cliente
I would recommend it as it gives first time users some comfort
Easy to use
fast to communicate with you and easy to buy.
This is the moment that there are products that have not been delivered to me
good service
sometime people get scammed when trying to buy things online, i dont really know the stores that are verified and for real.
Ensures that we can the product we requested. Takes the risk away on the trade.
I am very satisfied, i would like to have opportunity to refund the many in the order from a ALIEXPRESS  that never received
Everything was great except for long shipping time.
why alibaba take decisions based in email, the only important comuication or information have to be the alibaba invoice where the costummer review the order
worry free and easy
Quick response
Trade assurance with Alibaba makes doing business safer.
not sure of the necessity
its very safe to do buisness this way
Please do not ask for a mobile phone confirmation code on login. That can be considerably delayed and it will impersonate my activity on Alibaba. Why are login name and password not enough? For better security also offer a DANE TLSA DNS RR for your Alibaba server.
its good product access
n/a
Very professional service!
It is more safe.
Confiavel.
Its security.
I feel secured when ordering as there is a third party watching over the supplier to ensure the orders are monitored from start to finish.
MEUS PEDIDOS COMPRADO NO PER?ODO DO ANO NOVO CHIN?S, N?O CHEGARAM E O N?O TEM OP??O DO REEMBOLSO, SEI QUE O VENDEDOR N?O ENVIOU O PEDIDO E FICOU O MEU PAGAMENTO POR CAUSA DO COVID-19, PER?ODO QUE FICARAM EM QUARENTENA. FICO NO PREJU?ZO DE USD 1.050
After attaching photos and writing out the reasons why I requested for a fair refund of what it had cost me to replace/repair items damaged, the trade assurance decided I would receive 0. It was the resolution after this from the factory that they provided a smaller refund than expected but I felt that this was all I could do as the trade assurance was no help what so ever.
excellent quality and fast delivery. I have set it up in the office and it is now working perfectly.
excellent
Communication from some of the manufacturers is
You site has been hacked by scammers. I connected with someone on Alibaba and they ended up being a scam
Its good
recommended because it's safe
Because they don’t give any protection to the buyers if issues comes up. They will be satisfying the seller. I never received my order and went through two disputes with an escalation, but didn’t get my money back. I lost $1000 because the seller was dishonest with me in the process but no meter how many times I was pointed to the dispute team representative, she just ignored all my points and refused to satisfy my request for the refund. I am so upset and would never recommend Trade Assurance service.
Great service and companies. Safe to use.
because you haven't an helpdesk in italien
I feel safe to purchase
It's great place to find good supplier. keep up the good supplier
es muy facil de usar y muy satisfactoria su respuesta rapida y justa
The listed suppliers has MOQ thats not suitable for small companies.
user interface is a bit clunky
Trade Assurance is the only reason I use Alibaba to source products.
No comment
buenos precios, empresas confiables.
The price gouging with the medical supplies from your suppliers. Normally some of these supplies are only $.10 per item max
It's a lot of scammers on here
no reason
I would recommend as I have had no problems before. But the first time is a bit uncomfortable as I was unsure about safety of the financial transfer.
i never had no problem
WOULD RECOMMEN TRDAE ASSURANCE SERVICE BECAUSE IT THE ONLY ONE PROTECTION IF HAVE A PROBLEM WITH EVERY PURCHASE
Fee is too high
Because it protects me financially.
easy to find what you are looking for and lot's of company to choose from Description and the images of the product and you can check the company
It gives peace of mind that I have the ability to dispute if the product does not meet quality standards promised by the seller.
The peace of mind knowing that if I need assistance it is available and that you are doing business with a reputable firm
CON TRACKING CHE INDICA LA MERCE IN VIAGGIO, ALIBABA DICE CHE LA MERCE E ARRIVATA.CHE E STATO INVENTATO A FARE IL TRACKING ?
At the moment has been, quick, safe and is a good thing can speak with providers. I like so much your app. Thanks
very good service
Alot sellers sold very bad quality stuffs
Because i have been cheated
money insurance
Its quickly and very simple do the orders
I would recommend cause you guys have everything
Alibaba is punctual and reliable service
I will know more in a couple of weeks. I have an order that I never received and I expect I will have to apply for a refund. I hope the process is as easy and it says.
Great experience!!!
the sellers lie that they ship the orders, they give fake tracking numbers by just making the shipping notes, not shipping them effectively and the parcels are actually not shipped or delayed and you do nothing, we don't have how to complain
I was cheated by a seller (changed from ddp and exw without my knowledge) I lost 330 $
Complete
The vendors are promising things they cant deliver.
Great platform for B2B.
Commission is reasonable.
this Alibaba, after service and about the guarantee of product are unfair and I think this Alibaba only take side with seller. although I submit all evidences for problem of goods for refund, not working at all.
This verry important thing when you make a transaction with new supplier
i would recommend trade Assurance service because they hav really great products ar a low cost
Good quality item and friendly seller
Allows me to do stress-free business with people I do not have a personal relationship with!
Serious / Professionals
you not have cheaper mode to transfer. I'm experiencing high exchange rate with big amount of commission to pay from UK. Your payment options are designed for US customer or European but not for UK. Talk to me I will give me what difficulty I have faced so far.
I WOULD RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE IT HAVE A LOT OF VALUE CONTENT AND ITS A GREAT BRIDGE TO COMMUNICATE AND KNOW YOUR POTENTIAL PROVIDERS.
Companies listed are very professional in their approach to customers.
I would recommend because it makes my sourcing easier + im so lucky to meet very helpful  traders.
Nice prices
My order still on China but my transaction is closed,never deliver
It is an excellent toolI think it is best to have a guarantee to know that my products will arrive
relative inexperience with platform on the part of me; need more tutorials
Very good
it's easy to buy
good
it makes me more trust deal with china.
secure the first order with any new suppliers
We have never tested how it would work in case of a dispute.
Great service thank you
Because I don't know about the seller's situation. Must have "Trade Assurance".
I would recommend because it is safer to customer and really helpful.
i love you
Some certificates are not verified by Alibaba which I believe they should so the buyer can buy with confidence and peace of mind.
First time I've bought from a supplier and it says the item was delivered but i never received it. All i have received is an email saying it was delivered and payment has been transferred.
I need my orders quickly I am experiencing back orders.
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service because it's reliable, fast and secure.
too many scammers especially from India
I like the service and the prompt response of the supplier.
easy to contact suppliers
I think it's a good thing, especially since most of your products are being sent overseas to other companies and it protects the buyers from scammers.
peace of mind
gives a good feeling
n/a
The payments take SO long and my bank has issues every time I have to pay a supplier and it takes days to get them my payment.
it is safe
Because it's secure, help you with the problems a find a lot of good products anda providers
Ok rien à dire Merci
Every refund request I have placed takes too much time to resolve.  Amazon refunds you immediately if requested.  Not sure why Alibaba takes nearly two weeks to get money back when the resolution is clearly in my favor because the supplier did not ship my products within 15 days.  Very frustrating!
So far every order has been just like ordering in the UK
It is a good serice makes sure orders are recieved.
It worked good for me!
Pathetic customer service topped on worst seller experience one could imagine.
safe
Excellent Attention and Following.
Transfer fees
i still do not have compleet
Recomended
The platform is very robust and vendors respect it, it is reliable.
I love Alibaba.com
I don't know what it is. I had to pay for it. I got my product with no difficulties, but had to pay additional duty in order to receive my product. In Canada
most of the articles cannot be ordered from alibaba platform and selers give private wazzup telephone numbers and also many products are not realy available they are just an article in order to fake a large number of products
I will recommend Trade assurance service
Worked perfect!!!!
Trade assurance program is really great
Trade Asureance is safe and its give pease of mind, for me its highly recommeded
Exactly communiction with suppliers quick responses, high quality good & quick delivery services
To secure orders with new suppliers
The UX is so bad
The trade assurance service is there so that customers have trust in dealing with a reliable supplier. So yes it's very important to have it.
Any business should be aware, shipping and dispatching are to different terms. Guarantee is only for items while they are in China. Recommend for many payment gateways,specially credit and new inspection feature looks promising.
Unknown.
Payment failed with 2 different cards 2 différents adresses...System is not working
Very easy to use and good to know that payments have trade assurance
Dear Joy,I really like their masks, they look good quality.If I need more, I'm sure I'll ask them.Thank you
Peace of Mind
Very easy tu use
It will help to give confidence for advance payment to the supplier by Alibaba trade assuarance
It is good
Highly satisfied.
I was missing things in my order and takes to long to receive
Dear Alibaba.comGood day to you.I inquired form alibaba.com.I bought JIAPU Ultrasonic earloop welding machine.Personal incharge is Sala.She said that she can dispatch after our payment.Due to the urgent delivery, we paid to their personal account.After payment, they do not ship and silent about 1 week.I notice to them to ship my machine until 3, april 2020.If they cannot ship, they have to be refund 3time of my payment.But they refund only our payment rbm13,000 today.Why alibaba.com has lots of fake or un reliable supplier?They said that i am steal of money.Are they doing business?https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/JP-Ultrasonic-Spot-Welding-Machine-soldering_60638539890.html
The site isn't as user friendly as many others...especially the message area. No full description of some items.  Many sellers reply take a long time to reply and ship.
Your supplier is not correct, take the money but not send.
I have asking some question but is not so helpful
The response is very quick and i AM HAPPY WITH IT
I don't want to help my competition.
it is safe and easy for first time buying process
very cooperative and supportive
I would recommend it because with trade assurance I feel more confortable with the transactions I make since I don't know or can see the supplier. Besides, with this option I know that if something goes wrong or if it's not what I expected I can apply for a refund and this makes me feel more safe with my purchases.
Very easy to use.
It feels safe.
no issues yet
I would recommend you to my associats because your people work hard and diligently to help you with finding or ordering a product.
payment is safe
Very convenient to buy from China!
Customer service and credit card payments could be made better especially when a charge is not going through
it is a convenient e-commerce source and user friendly
shipping prices are very high and a European CE is not always there
q
For the moment, Trade Assurance Service gives me a lot of security for buy.
My supplier told me that i would receive a refund through Trade Assurance and a few days later i got my refund.
Great service and accountability for both producer and client
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as it secures my funds to ensure I receive my goods
It ended before i got my goods, but that was because of the corona virus i think
Due to Covid 19, all business are closed, UPS returned the package to the shipper. Once I contacted the shipper they said it was my fault not receiving the package. I wasn't contacted once the package brought to the door. I contacted UPS two days later and they said they mailled the package back to the shipper. what can i do?
confident
If it is not safe to pay
very good
The recommendations mainly relate to product prices and quality control.
NO responden, entregan productos diferentes a los que ofrecen, y nadie responde, enga?an a los compradores. lo que ofrecen como garantia de pago de devolucion es mentira. no cumplen nada de lo que ofrecen.
Up to the individual.  I've had good and bad experiences.
The order and payment process is both easy and safe.   I am able to have assurance that I will receive my products, and I like having the ability to send a request where multiple manufactors or vendors can respond and offer me the best price and products.    Working with vendors has been wonderful and the messaging tool make it very easy and safe to talk to each vendor.
very safe to make business like this
I would recommend to my friends or network to buy the products from Alibaba because of of Trade Assurance service. We normally can not trust unknown company or people but Alibaba guarantee the products and money and business with the Trade Assurance service.So far I am so happy to use this service and would like to recommend Alibaba to my network.Thanks
I have never had to use it.  Cannot say whether it is good or bad.
todas compras que fiz foram entregues, e produtos chegaram conforme descritos na compra
It is reliable:)
Trade Assurance is offers a warranty and also Peace of Mind for both Seller and Client.
Reliable
one big problemyour cooperation with the Cash back service in ISRAEL  IS VERY SLOW AND UN RELIABLE Many orders i make through are not approved and the ones that ARE approved i do not get the money of CASH BACK why is that? please answer to my email milyperl@gmail.com thank you
safe
A great deal of trouble with suppliers promising shipment and then delaying, sometimes for 4 weeks or more.
I would recommend, as it's really stress less when dealing with suppliers we never know !!
It is good because it can protect both sellers and buyers
I NEVER RECEIVED THE GOODS AND ALIBABA IS UNABLE TO HELP !!!!! EVERYBODY SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS POOR SERVICE, WHICH LOOKS LIKE A SCAM !
good
I never received my package but they took the money out of my account anyway. They could have sent me an email asking if I received the package first before taking out the money.
No
it`s very easy to communicate with suppliers
I do, this is a form of quality assurance
Very slow reaction
Recommend because it is safe and ensures the sellers stick to SOPs on timely shipment, tracking and follow up.
This is a security between the buyer and seller and in my view, Alibaba is providing excellent service for that!
no
It is not 10 as searches bring up multiple duplications of products, filtering of products is not great, too many windows open so you end up with multiple open pages
I always used a same credit card to pay, and now is not accepting it for any reason particular
i think it's been great for my business and wouldn't complain although i would say if you make payments and there has been a discrepancy between buyer and seller/supplier, almost impossible to get your money back.
It's all good
its  easy to use and I am very happy with vendors.
great
It s reliable.
good
very convinient
easy to use and straight forward
If the individuals were friends then I would recommnend those companies that have been very helpful and supportive, knowing my friends would receive the same service.
I would recommend it
best customer service ever
To complicate.. you make it easy to take our money but very hard to get it back.
They could have been a bit more timely in communicating, but overall did a good job. Product exactly as described.
As a buyer I think it is wise to protected your money. I have only made one transaction on Alibaba as of today and I like the trade Assurance option and idea of it. If it works as advertised, it is my understanding that if the "Product Quality or Ship Date varies from what you and the supplier had agreed to in the Trade Assurance online order"  I can possibly get my money back. Alibaba did not say that they guarantee my money back. Although, there are many payment options. extended support, payment security and much more. if the products quality is not  what you and the supplier agreed to, it appears that getting your payment back it possible but you need to be clear in your communications with the supplier in order for this to happen or at least that is my understanding of how it works. I am a little concerned, I have not yet run into a problem and hope I never will but it states I can "ask" for a refund, that does not mean I will get one. Another concern is it states " we will offer you assistance in reaching a satisfactory outcome, including getting your money back"  that is something that is "included" not guaranteed. Also, it states "it will offer you assistance in reaching a satisfactory outcome" it does not guarantee anything. That would be my only concern but it seems to me if you are clear with the supplier in communications you could be able to get a refund in the situation the product is not what was agreed upon.
I just have one problem with one supplier, the system asigne my order like complete but the product wasn't even send and the tracking number that was asigne was from another order, the supplier manually give me another tracking number, but this didn't reflect in the system.
The 30 day window for trade assurance is not long enough.  By the time the product leaves the docs in LA and makes it's way to Amazon, two weeks have almost passed. That isn't near enough time to validate the quality of the product that was purchased.  I had significant customer satisfaction and complaints from my customers and was trying to work with the vendor.  However even though I had it in writing from the vendor that I would be compensated for the products, because the 30 days had passed, I wasn't able to receive assistance from Trade Assurance and the vendor never paid me back for the defective product.
n/a
It's easy to use and has lots of suppliers to choose from.
first i receive and email, stating my order was canceled i wrote back and said if the order was cancel i would like my money back never received a response, 2nd a week later i get a email my order was going to be ship 2 week later i get it and it doesn't function as stated  its a useless item,i bought 1 from another company and theirs work just fine...thank you for your time but not willing to spend another dollar here...
no
super
Ease of use, timely responses.  Easy to navigate although there are a lot of duplicates when searching which slows down the process.
n/a
the comission is high to pay with credit card
To short of turnaround from delivery to issue a claim
I don't have much experience to provide input here
Every order so far (there's been about 6) went totally flawless and items as promised.
I asked for a refund because the dealer did not keep their end of the deal and lied about multiple parts of this order. And the refund process did nothing, there wasn't even a response from the moderator.
I reccomend the service but I also tell the user to be aware and that they need to put time in to find reliable and reputable suppliers. I have applied for a refund when I got a product that was not what I ordered, the supplier provided false infomation and Alibaba never refunded me. I have used many suppliers on here so I just tell people they need to be very aware as you will not get your money back and some can be scam. If you connect with a supplier to make sure to do your own research and make sure they are legitimate
SECURE PLACE TO CONTACT SUPPLIERS FOR YOUR BUSINESS NEEDS
Seems like it works on merchants only
Bon service
Hello! I inform you that I didn't get the order and I want to get the refund. The company who sent the order didn't help in the end in solving problems they caused. Now I realize they were trying to gain time to get money.
no
well , trade assurance is working till you receive your order , bad or good . ( condition is does not matter broken , garbage , as long as they ship you something ) after that you are out of luck , no help , supplier they can send you piece of garbage and Alibaba will do nothing about it .
not clear
Problem not resolveld at all
very easy to use and we have assurance in case something goes wrong
the supplier did not deliver goods on time, now they are rejecting to refund me at all. the trade assurance team is not helping me with that. They say the supplier has to accept that, otherwise its my fault. Now i lost money to an unfair seller on alibaba and have no goods.
I have been scammed by the company Shanghai Boqu in the amount of USD3,617.0, we are starting to take action to request the refund of our money.
hgkj
Easy to pay with credit card.
You are not impartial on your decision.
language can be a barrier sometimes.
The outfit is perfect, just as the daughter has requested. It'll hurt a bit, but it's not a problem. Contact very good, very quick answers also with time differences and super fast delivery.
I would recommend because I find them very trustworthy.  I have had good experience with them so far.  No complaints.
Makes you feel safe doing business with Alibaba
I recommend it because it is more protected in case of problems of various kinds.
just for the commission that needs to be on order amount not standard fee.
safe and reliable
ordered goods almost 3 months ago, paid them in advance, .nothing since then. this is robbery
To get assurance and guarantee the quality of the products ordered.
We never got our order in the end.  the supplier lied during the dispute resolution.  Our money was stolen and still don't have the shipment.  We were robbed by this supplier and your company.
na
no order follow up
Good prices. Quick response.
Gives you peace of mind
Very easy to use, gives you assurance on your orders
Since i am new customer on Alibaba.com, i didn't understand 100% what trade assurance means, all i understand that it's a gurante to receive exactly what you request and to get money back if not same item.
i dont like
It is a great service but i do find it hard to find a seller who will give you shipping cost to the UK
Good buyer. thank you
Alibaba comission should be on separate charge when done thru a credit card otherwise its taxed locally. :(
none
i just trust Alibaba , that's all . i know this Jack MA very well .
The best platform to connect manufacturers from Asia to the world! Excellent service!
protects me from suppliers who make a mistake
thank you
Fee is too expensive
no
To be protected we have to have the inspection with the service approved by Trade assurance. Not what we need.
good
Able to access and communicate to several suppliers on the same platform and Trade Assurance Service is very important to ensure buyers get the products as presented by the suppliers.
I would recommend it. It is valuable service.
Fast and serious Thank you
I wish you could DELETE a RFQ once you are finished with it.  I have a full mailbox from companies still wanting to quote for items I have already ordered and received.  Just closing the RFQ does not stop people from bidding and that is annoying.   It makes me not use the RFQ request because I am tired of getting outdated replies.  Thank you
not being able to know suppliers directly. having a point of reference is fundamental.
I got what I wanted quite easily.  Yes, I would recommend.
safety
Well, It?s a long way from China to Sweden, and a lot of things can happen on the way. So having your goods insured if things go wrong is a good practice.
Jenny was very helpful from the beginning and I am very happy with the product.
I just recieved notification that my order was complete and I had acknoledged that the order had been recieved. The order has not been recieved and I can't track the order. I never said I recie
Everything is awesome ;)
They are taking to much time to deliver and if you by mistake reordered they just deduct money from you card which is not normal
very late delivery
It is very reliable with good members.
It is too slow
YOU ARE VERY SLOW . 7 DAYS IS LIFE OR DEATH. 24HRS IS LONG
With trade assurance if there are any problems Aliababa has my back.
IT HELPS ME STAY RELAXED I WILL NOT GET SCAMED
It is very useful to buy from manufacturers directly
Heavily weighted to support the seller
good
it is important to protect consumer products
I would
Quick aswers, many contacts, contracts
Inconsistent delivery times and cost of shipping.
Because is very  good platform for sellers and buyers
.
The main reason that this is not working at all. It was the first and the last purchase through Alibaba website.The product I received was quite different to what was ordered and the CS helped to get 30% back as a compensation and then closed the dispute. I am not being able to use the product as it's not the same that I ordered and I lost not a big but still money and I have the product that I have to through away. So how do I recommend this  website and its support? Thanks for being unprofessional.
There is always room to make the things better
No
love it
because the trade assuramce is a scam and there is no real customer support. just an automated system that does not answer any questions. also the trade assurance is biased, and only suppoirts the vendors and not the purchaser
so many sellers in one platform
Supplier did not send me the Bill of Lading with the terms until I started following up, yet trade assurance ruled in supplier's favour that I should have read the Bill of Lading that I never received. The supplier delayed the shipment because they were not aware the shipment is stuck at a trans-shipment port yet kept reassuring me that delivery was imminent and when I queried Trade Assurance dismissed my evidence without showing that they had looked at it. The responses I got appeared computer generated with no evidence that a real person had looked at the information.  I asked the supplier after the delay to at least extend the Trade Assurance, that did not happen. Trade Assurance has now closed the transaction and I still have not received the shipment.
I'm sure if the had the right contacts in China you could do without Alibaba. I'm new and feel more comfortable
Most of sellers are not verified.
Fast and Effective
cause if that is an mistake the trade assurance have responsibility  for it so for customer really not so worry about it
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service to protect the ordering poses  between trader and customers, by this way the untrasted trader will desapear from the market.
As a business owner it helps to know I can shop for vital products for our business with confidence. I just would like to see all of the products listed on Alibaba to have Trade Assurance.
Good service but many customs duties make purchases less competitive
User experience is really bad, but other things are okay
Very important commercial guarantee for the site's reputation
So far everything that I have done has been perfect.  With one exception.  Alibaba has not resolved the issue of importing goods to Canada that are related to the Covid-19 Virus.  It would be great if someone at your end could reach out to Canada to get the flow of goods back on-line
I would recommend payment through trade assurance because it is a safe, fast and efficient paymen.
It was quick response and linking to my order. Even when China was closed they responded, told me there would be a delay and if I couldn't wait I was welcome to cancel my order. I decided to wait until suppliers were back from holiday and they were quick
The supplier is very good.We can get insurance from the transaction on alibaba.
Cheap custom items
No reason
you guys could be amazing except for the people that change the advertised prices or dont answer because they didnt wanna honor that price... prices are very misleading
payment method can more flexible, using online services. And if i buy same company things, the shipping fees should charges one lum sum, not seperate .
NO CUSTUMER SERVIES,
It provides security for items ordered over seas.
Because is a safe website.
It's a safe place to shop bcs Alibaba will fight for  buyer
Efficient and sure
It brings security
its grerat
Positive: it secures paymentnegative: it does not secure transportation way to germany, just production and shipping out.
is good service
too many dishonest companies selling on alibaba
No reason
Guarantee my money
SOme sellers do not respond to at least tell you they are not interested or sell smaller quantities.
dies not apply
I have not had any issues yet, I am a new user.  I will let you know when I have an issue.
Never received my order.
I recommend alibaba because I was able to keep in contact with the sellers at all times, for the most part.
I bought Nescafe capsules and get half return
Easy to use, security
.
Everything works perfectly
I've recommended it already to several people. Alibaba is great but the added security provided with Trade Assurance removes any doubt or concerns.
That's great service. I will recommend to my friends in industry.
It is a good platform that enables small businesses to work with manufacturers
not at the moment
very good
my business is branding, supplier confidentiality is detrimental to my business and would compromise the legitimacy of my product.
It's a trustable way to buy stuffs.
you are bias to the sell and totally unfair.you are a corrupt company and country
The interface is clumsy.
i wish payment was easier
Refund process when the order was closed by alibaba is very long and discouraging.
Pros :Protection with transactions from sellersEasy checkout processDecent search tools Cons :Odd picture exchange/upload (issues with some things uploading, some not)Massive contact from manufacturers that I did not reach out toSluggish notifications of messagesSome people on Alibaba flood/destroy areas with duplicate listings at silly high prices
It is fast communication and they do what they say.
The service protect the buyer and seller
I have been trying to get a refund for orders past delivery date and been unable
Reason : Trade Assurance Order fonction of the site. If you have any problem with the seller, you could ask for refund at any time.
I recommend Alibaba because it assurance that product that you order get to you on time also It assurance that if the product is defective you are entire for refund
Dont help the buyer.  I placed an order and never received.  No use filing a claim you side with the seller and never try to help the customer.
Security in the event of problems.
In my cases I see Alibaba did not interveene
I buy small qty and it would cost more to have them inspected.  Of all the things I have purchased I have no questions of quality       only suppliers argue over small quantity 100's not 1000's
We combine products found on Alibaba at good prices with our labor and knowledge to produce equipment and consumer goods. The link Alibaba serves between our company and factory direct prices is a powerful tool that we do not wish to share with just anyone. I will tell my friends, my family but never my competition!
I had a dispute that was never resolved. I still have a faulty water heater.
The delivery time is much larger and then the order is autoconfirmed so its then useless.
-
It seems protecting the customers.
Not enough negotiation of price for bulk items
good stuff
none
Cannot track from which account or credit card tyhe transaction was made with. The loading of the pictures was very slow
safety
I never used
THIS IS THE BEST SERVICE IN THE WORLD. BETTER THAN PAYPAL.
Gives me a piece of mind that Alibaba might step in when we need help
The experience needs improvement - I find it really hard to navigate around. It's very confusing. I'm a software engineer as well and it's still really hard.
Shipping charges are very high.
Safe and secure
porque ultimamente los vendedor no entregan los pedidos a tiempo, pero algo que si recomiento que se deben de hacer con seguro de Alibaba, porque la empresa si  cumple con lo pactado.
I would recommend. Despite the pandemic, came before time n quality good.
Good variety and options
Good services
I will be explaining this more in depth in my refund request. The short of it is that it was supposed to be arrive by jan 29th but didnt arrive till march about 40 days later! on top of this i was asked to cancel the order (because apparently they were all going on vacation?!).
Very good
Provided confidence in the delivery of my order.
good communication, better quality
fast and efficient
muy recomendable
no clarity as to what is going on with my product
user interface needs improvement
I was scammed by a saleswoman and when I made the claim, they didn't help me as I expected
peace of mind knowing I have options if my order did not arrive
Makes you feel secure
Up to now no Problem. Everything works easily.
I need to learn more about trade Assurance
I AM IN LOVE WITH CHINA AND THE WAY YOU DO BUSINESS !!
Not clear all costs
The track number that is display in my order doesnt exist in DHL track webpage
Good quality, fast delivery.
Does not handle disputes fairly.
Need to be able to better find suppliers
It doesn't offer proper customer service, or helps controlling their supplier behaviours or delivers on time. Basically, paying off for trade assurance is just another way to steal money from the customers.
there is not a. reason
My experiencie is very good, perfect suppliers and clear conditions!
The seller's are still slow to respond, and takes very long to ship even just samples.  I'm not even sure if Trade Assurance can put a time limit on that.
I woukd recommend
n/a
qwertgyhjk
The customer care of alibaba staf just care the interest of sellers and doesn't care clients
good
The prices are ok and the communication is ok eve though there are some languages conflicts. But still you can get a nice deal
It's convinient
i will recommend it
Great Customer Service!  Thanks Maggie!
I haven't had to claim any money yet so I don't know if the insurance works or not.
Excellent!
Great service
Actually, I got my refund. I am happy to use Alibaba trade assurance when the supplier was so bad.
Right now, maybe a credit line for those buyers who have been buying on Alibaba for a few years now. I could use a line of credit right about now to stay on track during Covid-19.
easy and safe
good trayder
its my first platform
no I am recommend Trade Assurance Service
I have an open case of trade insurance in progress and because of the coronavirus I can't assert my rights for an expertise.it benefits the supplier who does not offer me sufficient compensation (the material is not saleable) and I am told that we cannot wait for the end of the covid19 containment and that I have to accept or the case will be closed. the case dragged on when china was in containment, and now that we are confined in europe, we are being pushed to close the insurance case.
I Recommended only trade assurance service.
for the guarantee of the transaction
i like
good protection
Fee 2,95% for Visa payment is rather big (all other methods don`t work in my region), and moreover when use Trade Assurance suppliers also add fee about 2% to invoice, so totally money transfer takes 5%.
I recommend it because it gives me the peace of mind of being able to have a claim for any failure in the quality of the product, delivery, ETC
good
It is secure for all sides
I got exactly what I wanted at a reasonable price and the quality was Amazing.
Act as when need.
i am happy with my orders
some response some not response clear information? give lead time to answer? any also many reason!
Easy, fast and frendly Service!
Great supplier, thanks for reach my high request on capacitor.
No stress. Very good service.
Good
Reduce the risk of ordering products.
Too Much Spam requests.
Good and effective service.
Currently your system does allow payments to be processed through credit cards. Customer support on the help line is super nice but then your response time is rude and denies payment or providing any other method available or even a card approval process option. Commerce is currently suffering as is at the moment with covid 19 madness , there is no reason to inhibit the commerce that is in still progress.
Quality of goods.
provides trust
I recommend because of the pricings
great system
good service
The product worked very well and vendor kept me updated on shipment
I had a great experience! I will recommend to others.
Seem to have everything and most suppliers have been very helpful
Very satisfied, all is good!
Not enough time for shipments to be received and money is released to suppliers. Also, exchange rates and payment fees are high.
A little difficult to find a serious and good communicator supplier.
I have spent the last month trying to purchase a couple of Lithium Ion Generators and have actually paid for the purchase of two of them.  First I was told that they would be shipped on the seventeenth and even given a transit number but that was false and at this point I know they received the money on the seventeenth and I have no idea where my order stands.   You show that you are awaiting receiving information.
Difficult to make payment with Credit Card
Not sure how it works, hopefully never need to activate it
Reliable network
Trade Assurance Service is more than wonderful program, it protects the buyer from being stolen and defrauded, as happened to me several years ago on this site, so I left it and then came back now and found this insurance and Assurance Service system for customers, thank you
Trade assurance is very helpful knowing that I am protected by Alibaba when I make purchase and makes me know my money is safe incase something happened.
I find
i asked for refund and Alibaba reffed me back to the Seller
Trade Assurance is a failure. There is no assurance when you listen to and believe suppliers that lie while the customer is robbed.
The items arrived safe
too many messages
Sometimes I want to pay with my credit card and the payment process always come back fail, and it's frustrating that when you have to use a different form of payment
all good
no se aun no recibo mi paquete y no se como se manejen las garantias
I buy a range of materials and supplies from many kinds of suppliers. With the trade assurance, I know that if something unfortunate happens the situation will be resolved. I've had a couple of less than satisfactory experiences with IndiaMart, where goods were sent to the USA instead of Canada, where I am, I lost money and did not receive the goods. With long-distance purchases, it's good to have a solid intermediary.
Reliability
The people I have dealt with at Racepro have been amazing
Easy to use
I think alibaba is doing a good job with their services
Could you specify the reason why you would or would not recommend Trade Assurance Service?
There should be an upgrade for when you want to pay for a shipment but on a schedule of lets say three or 4 month.for example a shipment of 1000 pieces production cost and delivery cost for 3 shipments each shipment  in one month.So the total is production cost paid first then first shipment paid second then second shipment paid next ....etc
Too expensive
Very reliable service which takes the risk out of ordering from overseas
A seller ripped me off and I was refunded.
It is easy to connect with companies and find what you desire.
The Supplier of products from China only interested in selling but after selling they never advised how to used the products sold.
I've been happy with the service.
It was trustworthy and fast.
recommend because you are assured of good products that you should get or your money back
i will recommend.
They can't help you get
porque nos da seguridad al hacer la compra y así invertir sin tener perdida de dinero
All transactions and communication have been quick, smooth and easy.
Easy and fast deal
Haven't needed to rely on it yet, all my orders have been fine.  Transaction costs are a little high.
helpfull and trustworthy
excellent.
ottima piattaforma
everything great, gladly again
It make the suppliers more careful
In a Global Environment Buyer should be protected. Trade Assurance enforce the trust and get everything runs smooth on both side ( buyer/seller )
I have the confidence to buy all I need knowing I am going  to receive my good on time and in a  good quality.
project buyer and make sure can receive the exactly need goods
yes call me.
I can find products for a good price and the suppliers seem to be trustworthy.Possible improvements:Allowing singular unit orders for drop shipping purposes. This could bring in a lot of business.
yes
We haven't made any experiences with it yet.
because you buy safely
What you see is what you get, friendly and helpful service. Quick to respond
It give me a sense of security
A lot of uncertainty as to quality of products.  Usually a hit or miss type of situation.  End up with wasted time and disappointed clients.
no help of difficult situation
definitely recommend with trade assurance service
Good products and service , supplier
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service for security & insurance.
The whole transaction felt secure
The earbuds I purchased have connectivity issues. I opened and tried 2 sets, same result.
More suppliers to supports of goods as demand
I really I don't understand what is that but for sure Alibaba super thank you so much
My machine was broken and rusted when arrived, show proof and yet did not received any compensation. Never will buy again.
I think the web site is working properly enough
It is safe and gives me assurance that i will get my order
the best
Order as described easy to work with this supplier
Bonjour
the staff are very trustworthy people
The services provide an assurance that the supplier has been verified by Alibaba and clients (like me).
The trade assurance, seems to take place prior to my goods being shipped, which makes it tough to make the 30 day mark, so I essentially run out of the insurance before, I even have the product in my hands, which defeats the whole purpose of the insurance.
Make it easier for mobile use is a comment for you to improve also when in chats it is almost impossible for me to download anything but picture on phone if they send me excel or powerpoint it doesn't load i have to use email for subparts of order cant not use it
Beacause if safe. All companies must be serious to be on Alibaba
....
it's a great trading website
I made a claim when a supplier sent me a completely different part number on a pump than was was quoted. I sent pictures to the trade assurance team, they deleted them or couldn't download them or something, I could see them on the site. They then let the timer run out without notifying me that I did have enough info, or that they could not understand the info. This was the second time - the first time the pump ordered was not the pump that I ordered also but I did not specify the model number in the quote so my fault, but then the pump failed and blew out the o-rings, in 2 hours of operation. I asked for a replacement or would buy a rebuild kit, they did not respond at all and basically ignored me.
It is a good guide to find suppliers but not guaranteed of excellent service.  I realize that the start of the year has been hard, but of the 8 or so suppliers I contacted, 3 replied back.  I have not heard anything from the other 5.  Of the two orders placed, one has been great and the other seems to have challenges with shipping information.
ok
I just downloaded the new iPad app and it will not go into landscape mode so it is not usable.Since I cannot revert I will be shopping on eBay.
It gives me confidence that I will not lose my money.
Great Value and trustworthy
Its easy to use
Alibaba has unfrozen my payment claiming as a reason that I did not extend the Assurance Service nor asked for reimbursing. IT IS NOT my responsibility to deliver. On the contrary, is Alibaba responsibility to follow up the shipment chain and to inform to me the reason for any unexpected delay, that's part of the reason to pay you. My only responsibility should be to confirm the reception of the parcel and the payment. I did my part, but you did not yours, AND besides, you took decisions with my money that do not correspond to you.
i prefer buyers protection philosophy
My order was delayed a few days, but I was sure it was caused by the circumstances of the moment, I have already received it and everything was perfect.Thank you
Good way to do business with China, third party assurance and conformity
I like placing orders, know that Alibaba will stand behind them
i wouls because of the guarantee to resolve any issue pertaining to your order
The order is closed by Alibaba, while I didn't receive the parcel yet. This is unacceptable.
no problem with that
I ORDERED AN A PAIR OF SHOES IN 21 FEBRUARY THIS Y
Costs added
Efficient service delivery.
Would : Plenty of offer, kind people, good prices.Would not : website architecture is full of trackers, quality is unequal, SAV of defective product is very complicated/impossible when failure happens at product's mid-age lifespan repetitively…
1)  Very clear communications2)  Easy to track progress of order3)  Good follow-up at end
fast and reliable
I would recommend as it makes the transaction very easy and protects you
Because I have only sent my goods to the shopper  in China, the goods haven't reached my country yet but you are asking me to do a review. How are you not able to know that my goods have not reach me but only with the shipper now and I am being asked to do a review? For the shipper to make the payment line up till now.
The Site is Fraud and Cheats its Customers...... They are with Chinese Vendors and Takes your money by sending Cheaps and useless Products. I request to everyone to IMMEADIATELY stop there purchase from ALIBABA.COM
that's good
Because we can discussed with Alibaba team if any issues will be in order (like after payment not ship the consignment by seller, for refund purpose and for our consignment status)
N.A
If there is a money-back guarantee in the unlikely event that the product is not sent or it is fake,
.
I like the way money is distributed after goods have been check over and clients are happy
good price, and buys are secured
I did not receive the right support. The supplier did not follow the contract terms, yet the trade assurance final decision was also incorrect. Even at the final decision, I have not received a refund!
yes i would recommend it because it is reliable
I can place my order with confidence. There will be a feedback service which checks that goods are received in good condition, else there may be a method of replacement if product is deemed unsatisfactory.
The reasons why I suggest trade guarantee service are as follows: 1. Firstly, it is safe; 2. It helps to establish the cooperative relationship between buyers and sellers; 3. It is helpful for sellers to know their own shortcomings
Trade protection
Also was great service
i will recommend this service, very safe for all the buyers.
I bought a product from one of the seller through Alibaba but the seller didn't mention about shipping and they sent through sea shipment than air but didn't informed to us, the product got stuck in US sea port and I got charged 1000+ dollar to get the product worth of $750. The seller said they can take care of the 50% of cost but now there is no response from them and I reached Alibaba to handle this but simply asking question to both the party and no solution is provided to buyer without proper investigation. If I bought it through Amazon I never faced these type of issues. Lesson learnt for going low cost seller and service provider.
nil
ive been trying to get a refund from a supplier who never shipped the product and no one is helping me
Trade assuracne needs to protect costumers more
Over years, communication has improved a lot this makes transacting Smooth.
Helps with peace of mind
cost
no
its worthless!
...
its march 23th and I still doesn?t know anything about my order they say they sent it to me since februry 2nd and I haven?t received anything yet I understand the coronavirus problem and of course I will be able to wait Ijust want to know where is my order and When might probably receivedI just dont want to loose my moneyThanks
Some company does not have enough communication skill with English
I would openly recommend the website.
ok
Responded to questions in a timely manner and order was processed quickly and delivered early.
Great way to order product samples
Communication and shipping has been timely and pleasant.
NA
We have found mostly that Alibaba has been satisfying to work with.Sometimes they have taken a while but at the moment there is a good excuse
i dont know where the fuck are my orders and im not receiving anything
I would recommend Ali baba because they continue to improve with every transaction.
definitely recommend
Its good to assure the purchase and protect the money paid for a good to get it
the suppliers are very focus on what they're doing.
Great and fast, I can see my orders quickly. I can navigate now - I know the system. For the first time it was a bit confusing. A little tutorial would be really helpful.
very difficult to speak to anyone and very difficult to get an answer....waited 3 months to get feedback and then closed case in a week after providing all the documentation AND then sided with the side of chinese company
Its secure for me to buy to any supplier
Great choice of goods. Excellent first time experience with order
I have had one very good customer/supplier relationship where products came within two weeks with no issues, very good. The next time I order from another site, a large quantity of bows (over 400) bows, after they recieved my payment they never sent the bows, and when I questioned them they told me I need to pay instead of $15 shipping fee I already paid for, to pay an extra $115 in order to ship the bows I already paid for weeks ahead of time. This is why my review is low. Sellers are also annoying with the multiple messages daily when asking a simple question of shipping fees.
good
Fees too high.
there is no number phone number to call and speak with a human. When you spend $10,000 on a site - there should be a phone number for support. This is very risky and it prevents new customers.
I have not have to use trade assurance for disputes yet, but I feel it is a good mechanism to increase business dealing between buyers from foreign countries and suppliers from foreign countries. It creates trusting environment for for both parties.
good
is ok for now
i recommend its very good services
help us for searching product in china
Its a service that has all the suppliers gathered together in one place.
Excellent source of merchandise.
yes because its safer
I had a half good half iffy experience. I still send people to alibaba but i forewarn
N/D
i placed several orders its more than one month no delivery when checked with suppliers they say coronavirus we understand but why display such suppliers on line if delivery not available...and my shipping address is united arab emirates   but your system shows usa address  iam really having trouble i dont know how your system had changed our shipping address... if not changed we will delete our accountmy account email id it@chasedistributions.com call mobile +971507395678  / +971585256789 sajan paulceo
never recevied
security of transaction
Good service
I would recommend
I have been trying to talk to several sales people; Like Megan Li from YANTAI JIUFU HEALTH TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD, and Miranda Zhang from Yantai Hanyi Clothing Co., Ltd.Manufacturer plus a few others and since I only want 500pcs, as all I'm trying to do is start selling mesh Masks, these ladies do not have any time to talk and answer questions so I can start an order. It has taken 3 weeks with 1 post per day and one reply the 2nd day another post the 3rd day, another reply the 4th day, etc... Plus prices in their company page says. $1.89 per pc and when you talk to the ladies, they tell you, 4usd to 5usd per pc... This is sad, when there is no customer appreciation and it takes 2 to 3 weeks to have questions and answers between sales person and a potential client. Where is the Help and appreciation between us/Potential client and the assumed Manufacture? Sorry that I'm Not a Billionaire, that can say: I like this product and this color, just send me 10,000 pcs and send me the bill :(
There are a lot of frauds available as supplier and we can't find them. They will steal the money easily.
Aliexpress dispute is better then alibaba.com dispute They are helping the supplier to scam the buyer!
Had a bad experience with it in the past
improve delivery
Of the orders I have placed through Alibaba all have had faults and suppliers are very reluctant or refuse to sort out the problems - damaged ukuleles, failed battery solar chargers and now non working lithium batteries.
It is the best option for both parties, safeguards.
I recommend it because that I can connect to many suppliers. Wide variety of products are available at various ranges and various quality and most of the store owners flexible, prompt and responsive.I do not recommend for if products are required definite time. There is no sure delivery if low cost courier services are taken. As of now I do not have big bad experience. but product return are little bit time consuming loss of import duty.
because alibaba protect not truth but liers
customer focus, payment protection
I am not aware of the benefits of having trade insurance.
Fast and easy to buy
I have never needed it, but it helps avoid fraud.
it is very trustworthy
no
Suppliers do not understand what they are told, they put prices on the pages and they are not green, they say they have not updated the price, please respect the prices
yes
your portal does not take my credit card
Having trade assurance lets you have protection when you decide to purchase things on this site
Speedy Service
La raccomando prchè è una garanzia per chi acquista come me da un paese extra-EU
very great quality and fast.
I have not received my order nor can i find a way to apply for a refund
Its ok, but sometimes are bugged.
Dear Authorized. I got blatantly ripped off. I made my payment in trust. the manufacturer has made the socket part of the sent product a European standard and the flament part a US standard. so he sent garbage. I'm reporting the situation to your. and I still can't get my refund. Where's the customer satisfaction? Where is the right, the law? where is your assurance to the customer? it was all lies and stories.I don't think you deserve the money you get.Sincerely
its  easy  to  work  and  payments
it provides security.
Make sure suppliers respond to RFQ's according the buyer specifications, rather than asking for specifications again or trying to sell alternative items.
Because it simplify and ensure the transaction with the provider.
communication problem and shipping arrangement.
none
I would recommend Alibaba Trade Assurance for its security and thoroughness.  I like being able to specify every aspect of the orders and having a platform to organize this is very helpful.
Ok!
it is safer to deal with very new suppliers
Good Service.
-
because I never received there product what I ordered
Trade assurance service assure that You receive your order as agreed with the vendor.
i would recommend Trade assurance service for their good service and always following up with their customers and what i like most not scam at all
sicuryty in payment
Excellent Services
GOOD
Because of safety reasons I very much like to use the Trade Assurance
I still have a little uncertainty because I had a mishap in the past with a supplier who managed to keep the goods and still get paid for the order. The cost of this was still $600... Then I guess he wasn’t an honest supplier, and I only ran into one of these guys, so I guess I just didn’t get lucky. I would wait a little longer to make recommendations that this story be well behind me
im new to the site and like to get more experience with the services
just the most transparent site
"In some instances it may be helpful for us to reach you directly to better understand your responses.  Would you provide us with your contact information?  This information will be kept strictly confidential.(Choose all answers that apply)Phone Number (including country code)	916-782*2828"
safe for both parties
shipping is typically outrageous and some companies mark it up even higher sadly
Because is useles
My money is tied up, because a seller refused to honor the agreement made.
I would protect my resources. I am not sure how it benefits me to share this with other vendors or customers.
not sure yet
I'd recommend but just in case I would make a claim on your service and see how good it works...
The time it takes to vet ,sample exchange, communicate via phone would expedite naturally. Shipping cost- very expensive.
I didn't have to experience using it (which is a great thing), that is why I can't really say how good the service is. But I will certainly advice everyone to use it.
I am very satisfied with the seller.He exactly sent what we ordered.Thank you.
because i can refund in case o
It is peace of mind on the order
All OK
It's a safe way to make a buy
I would recommend use of this service as it's easy to use and understand. So far it's been great
none
na
I would recommend alibaba and the supplier because they have always complied with me, but sometimes some companies do not comply
excellent service
Does not offer any sort of accurate tracking.
i would recommend always work with the supplier who have trade assurance service
Because the last time something went wrong I discovered that if my supplier did not agree to give back my money Alibaba could not anything about it
Takes too long to solve issues related to disputes, even though the exchange of communication within the platform clearly shows which has been exchanged between sellers and buyers. It seems like the system is somehow biased.
sellers try to manupilate the payment amounts but splitting in different chunks to avoid you fees and doc requirement. i was given 4 payment links to pay only 10K
card prossesing sucks and is not relibakle
Many suppliers are dishonest and ignore you afer you pay money. The products 30% are damaged and delayed. I am looking for an option to be able to rate the supplier after the payment and after the product has arrived. The rating should be visible to everyone.
This is good
feel safe
I've only received  one of the 5 orders cant locate my other orders
Very easy to find the suppliers you're looking for.
Have not received some items I ordered.
I don't really know how I can trust but I'm trying to buy some products through Alibaba. If I have good experience, no cheating for some orders ( I get what I order), then it will make me confident to buy more and recommend to another.
safe and efficient
They always have my order on time
easy for buniness
i do not know how it benefits me
f
Gives peace of mind.
best single website to provide everything
security of monies/ guarantee of service. visibility of order & contract, availability of extra services
peace of mind, if we don't get the item, you will guarantee that we get money back. Safe shopping.
I use alibaba service may self so i can recommend any other personn
There is customer security, trade assurance
I will recommend Amibaba, but also be aware of scammers. There are lots of unserious people who try to get over to private mail or for some reason not communicating on alibaba sites
Should put automatically on receive goods and review order after 30days. They buyer should complete the order.
youssef
i did make an order that i didn,t receive on time and now the seller does not want to give me my money back
still i havent received material but its showing deliver, also i did not get refund
na
Great experience, got exactly what i needed
I did not expect for orders to arrive really quickly to Australia. I’ve got all my packages in perfect condition, and vendor even supplied a gift in the bag. Would definitely be returning, and be myongoing vendor
is really safe,
The service is greta but fees are a bit high
security for orders with suppliers with unknown reputations
haven?t used it
I got my product.
I have been well served by Alibaba. I have access to tens of thousands of suppliers and I can rate each supplier's performance. Payment is also easy. Majority of the suppliers I have encounter on Alibaba have offered quality products and service.
last time seller got away and i had to face loss of lots of money.
Order is assured through TA which is great, as it eases the concern for purchasers if anything goes wrong with the order.Although transaction fee and conversion rate is quite high.Also there's amount limit for each order if not using Alibaba freight company, so we had to break up orders into several small orders, which is really confusing.
I tried to make a claim, for some reason the I had trouble going to next step. I could not get help or no one was available to resolve my issues. I sent a comment concerning my disappointment.No one ever returned my call. I had a shipment from Honor Weihai last year, the first week the eyes fell off two of the eight lures styles. They took them back and gave me a credit. Now I have placed another order and they don't want to honor the credit in full?
I have been please with every order I have made.
none
i love my real love doll.
Refund must be beyond 30 days.
you don't get a refund even though the goods your sent are counterfeit and don't match the description you have to pay to ship the goods back and that cost sometimes more then the whole order
I placed my order on January 16th. I received notice that it shipped on January 30th. I was provided a false tracking number and given the run around in regards to this for weeks before they finally told me they were having shipping issues. I paid $70 for express shipping yet I received my order 2 months after purchasing.
Good experience. Quick response by suppliers
I would recommend for peace of mind.
NO
Lack of customer service. I'm trying for over an hour to place and order. My bank says it's fine, Alibaba says it's my bank - we can't figure out how to get my order placed.
ease of use
sellers are very communicating with clients
It gives me peace of mind knowing the supplier I am dealing with has been vetted by Alibaba!
RELIABLE
It protects both the buyer and the manufacturer. It allowed me to receive a refund when the color of fabric I ordered from the sample bolt was much different than the bolt that was produced. It allowed me to maintain a good working relationship with the manufacturer for future orders.
cheap goods
I find it helpful
Everything is great thank you.
so far everything has been professional and timely when placing my sample orders.
good
The quality of products is unexpected but the service is good.
better way to identify legit suppliers, pre-vetted suppliers that increase chances to find satisfactory new suppliers.Currently some some suppliers offer products that have the same pictures but very in level of quality once I receive sample/first order.
ok
It is a better assurance in order placed
Peace of mind
na
In case of guaranteegood product qualityi would recommend Trade Assurance Service.
It is helpful to find new products.
more safe
Alibaba's customer service is EXCELLENT!!! THANK YOU!!!
Secure transactions.
User friendly
Very efficient and reliable. You are given up to date status of your order.
doesn apply
estoy satisfecho con todo lo que ofrece
It is safe, it is simple, and really a professional way to protect your transaction.
I ordered products from one company since Nov and I still have not received.
We feel in confidence
not easy,
The suppliers are extremely helpful and fast to respond to inquiries.
Transaction fees are brutal. You need to lower your transaction fees.
ease of use
I would recommend it even if it does not always work
It appears to be trustworthy.
Gives opportunities
Depends on exactly what the person I am talking to is interested in making a career
Too much confusing info in product's page, too much confusing chat. I am used to eBay (for 15 years) and there is soooo much easier...
all i know use it
peace of mind with trading
Very Professional.
it gives me a piece of mind :)
They have very good prices that do not compare with cons pages and provide good service you just have to improve deliveries with sellers who have more shipping options
Shipping price is very high. At times It is even higher than the price of the product one wants to buy.
Great service and product
everything was ok
I cannot actually say i know what Trade Assurance Service is.If it has anything to do with how poorly the messaging system works (very poorly on a Mac, fair at best on an iPhone) then I would rate it as very dissatisfied.I give it a "satisfied" not because i used it but I believe that because it is there, vendors are more likely to be fair and even accommodating.   We had a LiFePO4 battery damaged in transit, almost certainly by US Customs but the vendor replaced the battery.
Because I bought , but the supplier dind't give me the total information, so it was very expensive in the final, and Alibaba.com doen't cancel the order for me. I was very up sad.
no
..
it's a real trade assurance
The trade assurance is a great option when dealing with a supplier that you don't have any prior experience dealing with.
It has been a great experience for me to buy through Alibaba
Was simple and all went well.
I would recommend because the product is worth it -- Length of time to receive product is a problem
Because it is easy to use and provides security.
Good service
Hello. First here there is a interesting gadgets, they are with lower prices, and the company's here are very serious. The Chinese production is good and directly connected with the price. Regards
jiahegrouhqtj34rehoerw;aho;iarghagwrio;hnt4qrweoil
le suivit est bien organisé
like
Service and garantie
for lost or craft in the shipment
I love Alibaba
i must love your Trade Assurance.thank telayud sadtan
I have purchased equipment for a different business and when it arrived damaged, trade assurance did nothing.  They blamed it on the shipping company and I was left with no recourse.  I do not reccommend.  Waste of money
Hasta el momento no recibo el pedido solicitado No. 22271282501028763, me podrian informar cuando llega la muestra que solicite?
poor service on disputes
Provide tranquility on business
Trade Assurance Service, is safe the do busniss on Alibaba
its ok
non
Me sorprendido su rapidez
I recommend Trade Assurance Service, because is easy to use and fast to pay to suppliers.But, I would prefer that they get a little more involved in the client supplier relationship, since I had a small inconvenience with the import incoterm, which the supplier did not respect and I had to pay more expenses when it did not correspond to me.When I asked my Alibaba advisor for help, he only replied that he could not get into the supplier-client relationship
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service because it was true in its Service. I didn't have to wait long for the samples to come in and I was very satisfied with that.
EL IDIOMA
Creo que Alibaba debería tener cero tolerancia para los pedidos que tengan alguna falla o defecto, puesto que el dinero se entrega completo y sin fallas por lo que el producto debe ser exactamente igual y en caso de existir algún desperfecto, el proveedor deberá garantizar que el producto se encuentre como se pidió sin necesidad de estar negociando una resolución.
no tienen pagina en espa?ol. no puedo ubicar solicitud de devolución de dinero.. puesto que he heco un pedido desde septiembre y hasta la fecha no ha llegado.
The site is so dificult to use!  Not intuitive at all.  It took me forever to figure out how to place an order and pay for it.  Now I've recieved an email stating that my order has been delivered, but I didn't recieve it.  Not to mention the site is so difficult to use.  I have to reset my password each time I log in. Then have to log in 10 times - sliding arrows and typing random numbers -  before I actaully get into the site
es seguro y de facil acceso. Quedan dudas con la importación eso podrían mejorar
It protected the buyers
because they are always ready to help, the response is fast and the service is reliable
Takes too long my dude
i would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is informative. I would not recommend Trade Assurance Service because sometimes Order Status is not updated on-time.
Great prices and service
no
I feel better knowing that my purchase is secured until arrival and up to 30 days after, that gives the customer more trust in doing business with the seller.
good products and service when you buy and pay from alibaba, there are business who force you to do it from outside
No
i dont know
My order came to me defective! with leaking battery, i have take few pics with battery send to seller and tell him that I am disabled person with no finger function and cant screw out it and my wife cant do it, but he again and again ask me do that that i cant..... and doesnt want refund me ....
Seguran?a
Supplier sent me items that are not working. It’s now become my responsibility to ship at my cost back to supplier and that comes to the same amount of me  getting the products to me. The supplier then said he does not want the items back so I discarded them since they of no use to me and now he will not answer any of my messages regarding my refund. It’s pathetic.
Very good service from supplier
Ease of use
Мне понравилось взаимодействовать с поставщиком, он всегда на связи, даже сейчас когда мы получили свой товар. Товар пришел именно тот который заказывали, хорошего качества, хорошо упакованный.  Но вот процесс доставки немного затянулся и по стоимости доставка чуть-чуть повысилась.
very satisfy
porque e simples e facil de entender ate onde vai a sua protecao
Because I don't know what is going on since I BUY this item is not working i send a message to the client is not respond to me so that I know what I can do about this problem ,if you can resolve this issue for me I will be glad,Thanks             MATTHEW OLUDAYO
The quality of the products was poor
no
Some of your suppliers use photos that don't represent what they are actually selling.  The photos are deceiving potential customers.  I was deceived with the latest order I purchased.  The photo stated 1 fluid ounce but what they are sending me is less than what's advertised.
Very convenient to order items straight from the manufacturers and the fact that there is trade assurance makes it even better because as a buyer, it gives a security.
Easy to use and reliable.
I would recommend the service because it gives you the extra support to know your product will get delivered to you.
to protect everyone involved in any transaction
Cause sometimes the way these products are advertise does not look exactly when you received it.
It's good to know that Alibaba.com has some measure of protection for buyers
It is very good service and quality makes my customer satisfied very much!
Good
good service
this was my first purchase and everything went so smooth. I even contacted Alibaba in the process and they responded quickly and help me make an educated decision about my shipping cost.
I live in the Caribbean and some companies dont shi
none
would recommend for the trade assurance. However, chats are very lagging and things do not load. It is not easy to search things in chats that was said or sent before.
I think that Alibaba offers a really good service, and the Trade assurance helps the buyer to have more confidence in what you buy is what are you going to receive.
no
Price and product selection.
Great service & communications
recommend
I have experienced good service so far
It's okay but it's not very intuitive and not very fluid
n/a
It protects the buyer's funds
No
good job with Alibaba, especially today with new messager
Easy to work with and secure.
Deliveries take too long
Отзывчивые продавцы, хороший контакт.
all good
I do not know how it will work when I place a real order. This time I just ordered some samples.
everything is very easy in alibaba
for our security
Thanks
Your messaging centre is awkward to use. Very often you cannot upload bigger files - pictures and etc. It needs massive improvement. I'm trying not to use it at the moment and I contact suppliers on my business e-mail. When you improve or change it I will be happy to use it.
very good
Great selection, messaging slightly difficult
nope
We ordered a sample from Guangzhou Jiguang Lighting Co., Ltd., I found on Alibaba.com. Since we had no problems with the samples, we ordered 2000 pieces. We have contacted the company directly for customs clearance. However, 200 of the 2000 came out problematic. We wanted to return the remaining 1800 items, but they did not accept. We wanted to change, they didn't even help. So we understood that we were officially defrauded and Alibaba.com was mediated by it.
Trade Assurance is the reason.
good
It's simple and convenient and user friendly
The order placement and payment was very easy.
very good service
is the safest way to trade in alibaba
-
0
yes
some vendors dont communicate with you all the time.
Maybe if there was another payment method more well known like PayPal I would not recommend Trade Assurance over it.
Da seguridad al comprador
eficiente
very good
I will recommend it
I have ordered from a few sellers and the process has been very easy and pleasant, i honestly thought it would be weeks before i got the items but it was very fast and vendors were very nice!
Too many untrustworthy suppliers who fail to meet the demands of the buyers and are not under the Trade Assurance Service and have not been inspected.
I have paid my supplier the fees plus additional "tag" fees.  I have not received my products.
es confiable
thanks
excelent
I ordered Mickey & Character sneakers from Singapore shoes twice. I am not sure which account I ordered them from. I have another account as well called Deductions.etc@gmail.com & santosm720@hotmail.com. From one of these accounts 2 pairs of character sneakers were ordered. I was credited for one pair and never received the other. This happened twice. So twice I did not receive the character sneakers ordered. yet my charge was not credited for the full amount. The name of the company was Singapore shoes. Also, I am not sure which website it was, either Alibaba.com or aliExpress which I ordered from my phone.My American express was charged. I have ordered other sneakers from other companies and there was never a problem. I have ordered other products from both web sights and never had a problem. However, this company does not deliver the goods.
for safe trading i recommend highly
The order will be safe.
Detailed start-to-finish purchase process, with contract and delivery accountability. Very good.
no i have no reason
I ordered a wedding gown from a supplier and I was guaranteed that I would be taken care of if the dress was not made correctly or delivered on time.I put in a dispute and have not been treated fairly.  I'm very unhappy. With all the confidence you give the customer is great. But now something has gone terribly wrong and I can't get one penny back. This is very sadPlease help me SC
N/A
I will recommend trade assurance for peace of mind . i will not buy or pay without trade assurance payment system
The site is very difficult to understand and unsupported. There is no option to open a dispute, I believe that the purchases made have no guarantee that we will receive the products.I recently bought a product and it was not delivered, I don't know how to claim a refund
konkurencyjne ceny
Fast and to the point
I would recommend it, coz it is for the safety of your parcels.
a veces son un poco lentos al enviar los pedidos!
Excellent all round
Plataforma segura
NO
Un proveedor me robó y no hubo quién me atendiera cuando pedí ayuda. La empresa se llama Shenzhen Kingobd Electronic Tech Co., Ltd. y el contacto dice llamarse Zoe Li.
.
Seguridad
no feedback
The best way how to make a deal with partner so far away geologically and in law.
Great service.I love Alibaba.The shipping cost and lack of standardized shipping quality is a big problem for us.Lost or stolen packages are a big issue.Alibaba could and should manage shipping better.
n/a
you have excellent products
It is a system that avoids the need for trust.
We just encountered a seller that can't or will not trade directly via AliBaba.com website.If AliBaba allows sellers to offer there products but payments has to be done outside the system then your hole Trade Assurance means nothing. Also the trustworthiness of AliBaba has in our case drastically changed and we will need to review if we continue using AliBaba or switch to anyother B2B provider.
Efficient process and provides good suppliers to work with by implementing trade assurance and protection for buyer.
I would like to recommend Trade Assurance to recover the fund if any problem from the supplier like bad quality or fake product or the product never reach to our door. When I do sourcing my goods I use to contact more than 2 suppliers to compare the price and service so my opinion also is that if we have problem with a supplier and the payment is already done 100% in this case in my opinion it is no need to resend my fund to my account but only to send to another supplier that I've contacted to supply me the same product I really like if that service is available in Trade Assurance Service.I'm not recommended someone to avoid Trade Assurance Service.
no
I would recommend it because it works
I am very grateful that you were very kind to me until the end. It is saved because there is no trouble.
save pay method
Transactions have progressed smoothly, with very good communications from supplier.
Great companies, quality products, and great prices.
In terms of price, it's very affordable, but if you actually order a sample, it's a little expensive.
no
I need real quality and real capacity!
Good and quality products
Make me feel safe
i notice that there are 2 charges wich top up my price of goods. 1- logistics charges 2- alibab charges.  why is that ? could u give me details
Se encuentran productos muy eficientes
most of the company will fraude business.. i  already facing indian money Rs 110000.00 this amount through scam. but alibaba will not step in this company.
Peace of mind when ordering.
Trade Assurance does not protect buyers. I have spent a lot of money on defective orders and wasted a lot of time because Alibaba always sided with the seller even after providing evidence. I will just use Paypal payment in my future purchases.
not sure it works
Products can take take a long time to be prepared and shipped. It can take a long time to arrive when shipped from China to North America. Sometimes by the time the products arive some are destroyed or fraudulent. Often, suppliers refuse to take back the products and try to negotiate repairs so by the time the suppliers' delay tricks are discovered, the endless negotiation attempts by the supplier result in Trade Agreement expiration and great loss.
I feel confident and protected when making purchases with Alibaba Trade Assurance.
any customer answer after 3 days o more
Good customer service
The biggest problem that I have faced with you guys it was the second payment that was not possible finish with Alibaba and I went to bank and pay more taxes because the problem was not solved by you.
An input of Customers review would be good also
trade insurance is more secure
Not at this time.
Great quality
fueron compras seguras y honestas.
I've not had to call on that service because of a problem yet.But I am at present wondering where my latest order is? Its generally a bit slow getting the orders posted to Australia.
no
je n ai pas re?u mon achat
goede bemiddeling bij geschillen tussen supplier and customer
makes ordering and delivery very simple.
because have a excellent service
I would recommend this because it,s easier to finish a negotiation either you are buyer or seller in case you speak very different languages.
TAS is good for my use
excelent service
I'd recommend it because of the friendly service
i recommend for safety.
Its really important trade assurance service. Through this service we are more confident to place the order.
great
the supliers have failed me in the products and the informacion
all it's good
recomendaría por que, hay diversidad de productos y esto es una buena oportunidad para emprender un negocio.
The peace of mind was great.  You would take care of the issue if we didn't receive our product in a timely manner.
por que encuentro lo que necesito
very good service
Is an assurance that everything is ok
The trade assurance time frame does not cover the time it takes to manufacture the products and ship them (especially by sea). So we need clearer options to delay or extend the trade assurance period.
...
The procedure to apply for the assurance is not very clear.  It may be better to give an outlined explanation of rules.  Once I wanted to apply but many conditions were required to fill from both side of the supplier and the buyer.   Fortunately, the problem was finally solved without using the assurance but it was not very easy if the supplier was not cooperative.  In general, when you want to settle the issue by the assurance,  it is very likely to have a dispute and it is not sure that both parties can be so cooperative. And the time limit to cover was not long enough.If I knew beforehand, I would not use the service.
it helps ensure customers orders
Non
Last order was beyond my expectation.
becase trade assurance
The quality of sample orders is not covered and it should be as the sample is way more expensive than when buying in bulk and then the shipping price is quite ridiculous to my country for a sample.
I would recommend because :communication, price, product quality and speed of delivery
good service
Peace of mind
It's good security for buyers.
Gives peace of mind in placing order
Отличная организация доставки и ответственность за сохранность и качество товара.Рекомендую.
The only problem was the delay to deliver my product, but all the other thinsg were excellent.
Products quality is very good, I am satisfied with the products quality and honest business.
always good with all oders
no
everything awesome
Fast, efficient, reliable
I would recommend because of it safe and very clear easy to understand
Alibaba is a platform with tools to utilize communication and verification requirements between vendors and their customers.
N/A
VERY ATTENTIVE AND CONSISTENT. GREAT PRICES AND PRODUCT.
Great service!Amamzing sellers!The possibility to negociate the priceDIfferent shipping methodsThe trade insuranceThe affordable prices
Good and  trustworthy service
z gsergerg
I recieved some leggin ans they had a whole in them. I talk to the lady about it and she told to get refund thru app. Like what, how I go about doing that. Not only did I have to wait forever to get them now i have to find my refund
Good service
more safeand more payment options
Wide selection of products with various different product price listing to choose from . Wonderful company's with great customer service and Super fast shipping and wonderful people . Alibaba is Amazing
I love the convenience and reasonable prices.
Seguridad en las transacciones
very efficient and safe
I would always recommend the trade with Ali baba
They have never been helpful to the consumer/distributor - only the manufacturer that did not hold up to the agreement and sent a shit product.
good quality
Sometimes the payment portal does not work. Also, I do not think the customer should pay fee for using trade assurance.
never got my order and the supplyer completely ignore me or try to help me get my items
They were not clear in their shipping policy and they ended up charging me for customs clearance costs that in my country do not charge for the price of the product that I bought, but they chose a shipping method that if I generate that cost they did not want to solve the problem I never received the productBuying in Alibaba is disappointing. claiming now is going to be a waste of time now I just go to the website to check prices but I will not buy again on this platform and I will not recommend it. ah! and another thing that I forgot to say on the platform came out that the product had already reached me successfully and when I asked the seller why this was happening he told me that it appeared as if it had already been delivered for the time that passed and this is a lie because it wasn't like that, all wrong, the truth is that my experience was disappointing
Poor service
Each time, I use trade assurance for my purchases. But when I need it because supplier has not provided good quality products, it is always very difficult to obtain a refund and I could never get what I think is fair. This assurance is actually not real because you have no power over suppliers. It is a just a mediation process. So it is useless...
I NEED CREDIT LOW INTEREST
nothing.
the service supports all aspects of doing business with overseas companies and guarantees quality.
Quality product with timely delivery.
I like the service
Por la cantidad de Proveedores y por la facilidad de contactar y negociar con ellos
it is good to protect your goods
Easy and clear trading, it is very good.
The way we have to login to desktop using our phone and having to change our password and such is a real cumbersome pain in the neck! It is very distracting to the whole experience!
Reason for recommendations Trade insurance Services because I’m benefiting from the services.Regards Kim tran
TIDAK ADA ALASAN BUAT SAYA AKAN ATAU TIDAK MEREKOMENDASIKAN
i have had very good experiences. no problems
As you know by reviews, there are a lot of fraud on alibaba (aliexpress is better for some reason).Alibaba cust. service won't help if seller trying to defraud buyer. Alibaba cust. service simply just don't care, because they are supporting sellers only (sellers pay dues to alibaba, to be able to sell there). I filed complaint with alibaba 7 times (dishonest seller). Aibaba simply don't care about fraud and dishonest sellers - my dispute got closed.I strongly recommend to sstay away from alibaba -   website that support fraud behavior in sellers. Trade assuranse won't cover anything (if your goods got damaged, or if seller refuse to ship goods after the payment etc) . Alibaba is offering trade assurance to lure you to the fraudelent transaction. Try to file the dispute and you will see what will happened.
Efficient, fast and reliable
The price is usually awesome for good quality materials. The wait for the shipping is not bad at all.
product name does not always correspond to illustration
Its easy and efficient
Great service
alibaba put me in contact with a good supplier he has looked after me very well I haven't needed additional services so I can't give a comment on them
When dealing at 'arm's length' and particularly with overseas contacts it is comforting to have this additional layer of security
reasonable prices and working processes
I would recommend Alibaba
Bad service from a rhinestone company and they blame me
The sellers are very attentive, great communicators and almost always very honest. The prices are good and the sellers work with the buyers on their products. The sellers always have very good manners and are pleasant and kind to deal with.
Language barriers. Miscommunications.
great service
LO RECOMIENDO PORQUE TIENEN BUENOS PRECIOS
seguridad en las compras
More assured and systematic only required to understand to forward.
A vast range of products and suppliers which gives room for comparisons in both quality and pricingEasy to engage with Suppliers in the message centerTrade assurance gives comfortMy positive experiences so far
because is easy and secure
Compre desde septiembre 24 de 2019 y no me a llegado
3?Podría especificar la razón por la que recomendaría o no los Servicios de Alibaba.com?No he recibido mi pedido despues de un mes
This product arrived quickly and was perfect.
Здравствуйте я бы порекомендовала почти всем потому что это очень грамотно организованная программа в ней все учтено и грамотно оформлено очень благодарю организаторов .
tres exhaustif et professionel
Website easy to navigate.
I love Alibaba, I find it easy to use and the sellers are great. However at times when I am searching for a specific product many sellers advertise and do not have it, they offer to make it although they advertise in the ready to ship section.
Very good
chris is very professional, the product is high quality and shipment was fast, will place orders soon.
AWESOME
ordered moqi and it's a very bad product. Cant do a refund.
.
Good Service and Followup.
I regret to inform you that ordered items not yet delivered to me. For any latest information please email to me at ukcraftech@gmail.com
ok
ease of doing business
Дешевизна, удобство доставки, гарантии по финансам, защита покупателя
no
Trade assurance provides safety when dealing with new suppliers
Great transaction
Alibaba is very convenient to buy products from china or other places which supply my needs even not volume, however some items are not perfectly the same what I order. to recommend this is fine.
I have purchased some good quality/value goods.
no saving for money here
After a couple of minor confusions that were more or less forgotten after a quick intervention from the vendor, i was happy with the delivery speed and the parcel contents. I wasn't expecting to find MUCH more than i was expecting. A very nice surprise.
Long time to Get pack
I recommend it.
Quick and secure service
I am trying to make an urgent payment by card and I cant, says that the system is busy.
Alibaba is the best Commercial online website.
Affidabile
Γιατ? ?χω με?νει ικανοποιημ?νο?, σε ?λε? μου τι? εμπορικ?? συναλλαγ??.
Every seller seems to work promptly and correct and address all orders in a professional manner. I appreciate Alibaba's services.
Great deals and services for certain countries who has a business.
great system
Message center not very user friendly
It is hard to chat or communicate with someone. I placed my order more than a week ago and no one that I can point questions about the product. I am a reseller I want to buy in large quantity but I can not get answers to my questions.I hope this will change. I have never gotten such a bad experience like this. I frequently buy online.
Alibaba on turvallinen
For agility
The payment system offers great security.
no thanks
Great service!
Bien
this OK
Very convenient to hook up with suppliers
??????? ???? ???????????? ????? ??????
It is absolutely perfect the service, at least from what I have experienced. I only want to write a fantastic review for my order but the system does not allow me to do so, as the time to do it already expired. Can you help me please?? My order is no. 18998294501029747
good site and good sellers
good
Easy to order
Hundreds of products
extremely lolely
I Like the service
Great Protectionbut alot of bugs, wont open in alibaba appthe alibaba app and alibaba website are not synced at all...perhaps 20% synced..
No reason
The sellers are cheating
J'ai trouvé exactement le fournisseur que je cherchais, les paiements sont sécurisés et les frais par virement bancaires sont raisonnables !
because it is prompt
excellent service, good price, wonderful supplier
i will recommend
good service
I am happy with alibaba.com services. That's why I would recommend them to another person.
complex
None reason
many option of items and suppliers
si recomendaria
Excellent Services from the Suppliers I have dealt with
Sometimes communication is difficult with chinese suppliers.
Its a great service that helps build trust.
es muy problable que lo haga
Trade Manager chat needs further improvement.
no
Very reliable and secure service. We love it!
I'd recommend because it has low prices
No he tenido la necesidad de reclamo, no he pasado por esa experiencia, poco puedo opinar al respecto, en general, es buen servicio
We had poor quality product delivered before, and the request for refund was denied.We now have a very late shipment- item not shipped yet and are not confident to use refund request.We have accepted too many mistakes on order.
fast great service so far
Trade assurance is an insurance that you will the exact product you ordered, so I strongly recommend Alibaba trade assurance service
the alibaba.com service is very friendly and easy to use
Compras al Mayor
fast service
I have never had an issue with any order I have placed through alibaba but I also always use trade assurance which I believe helps keep from having issues.
lA PLATAFORMA NO ES F?CIL DE USAR ES MEJOR ALIEXPRESS  LAS DEVOLUCIONES SON MUY COMPLICADAS
Porque todo lo que he buscado he encontrado y me gusta
good
good service, it's the best sourcing platform for our company
Excelente atención al cliente
I've been unable to get an invoice which includes the transaction fee. I have received an invoice from the supplier but it doesn't include the transaction fee. All I can find on the Alibaba website is a transaction report but my company won't accept this for the expense claim and I have found the help offered on the website is not very helpful for this
It is extremely practical. The way you can talk with the different sellers and handle the business online is very smart. It's easy to use. There is a system that supports and helps you through the whole buying and selling process.
I would think Alibaba as an option.
no problem so far, but have not had to use the service for problem yet
Service, very profesional staff
Excellent advice and professional service
The service i receive is very good. I meet wonderful people
Looks working correctly. I would recommend.
proffesional services
perfect place to find the supplier of the products
its the best
I would recommend it to other business owners to use alibaba, because it is a good site to find the right supplier
pague por un par de zapatillas NIKE en el mes de julio y hasta ahora no tengo ninguna respuesta se hizo la transferencia y mi pedido dice que fue cancelado pero nunca me devolvieron mi dinero.
There is so many options of suppliers of different products! But at the same time, I also had bad experiences with some dishonest suppliers.
nothing to tell
Nice view on all China production
la disponibilité des fournisseurs et la patience de la barrière de la langue
Everything runs in good shape
atencion
si trova di tutto
it's best
Assurance order 15729702501022272we are not satisfied with your decision.  By your decision you confirm and approve an error since the shipping cost was included in the 2.15 $. Outside this port was not paid by the supplier since he did not find a carrier. So it was we who provided and paid for the port from China to Switzerland.You approved this work not done by the supplier which is not fair. For our part we respected the costs requested in the offer,  we paid 4'660.- $. The supplier did not respect the contract since he did not pay for the port included in his offer.The supplier has never been able to prove to us thathe paid the transport to Switzerland because we paid.On the other hand if we asked the supplier a written confirmation of his offer for a cube of $ 1.15, it is not for deceived the Swiss customs, but for confirmed the price of a block of crystal without the port. For your information, we still need to order more than 10,000 crystal blocks.Greetings.
i make good business thanks of you!
nincs ok
I get all the information I want I get it from alibaba
много причин рекомендовать данный сайт, но основная причина, конечно же защита покупателя T
everything has been very good.
Convenient
Safe !
I would recommend the Alibaba site because it is easy to use and safe for payments
I recommend Alibaba to business friends when they ask where to buy packaging from. It is very good. The time difference is difficult because I have to be up at 1 -3am to talk to companies in China. This makes it difficult  becuase of the time difference between Sydney and China.When I have had a problem Alibab fixed the problem so I trust Alibaba
The interface feels clunky.
no idea
me parece que tienen muchos proveedores y se preocupan por la seguridad de las transacciones en su portal
I would recommend, because Tradeassurance  is guaranty, both for supplier and for customer.
so far so good and i'll order again from them
I have been dealing with AliBaba for a long time and have not had any problems
EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE, VERY GOOD PRICES, VERY GOOD DELIVERY, AND GOOD PRODUCTS
Над?йно та прозоро
Hello, thank you for your interest. One parcel wasnt delivered because Italian custom stopped it and the seller didnt resend the parcel. I know it was only one parcel, but it was money and I lost it. Thank you so much
its a great platform, but things like messaging isn't easy to use, and with the volumen of msg its hard to keep track of the information you are being sent.
I would recommend it because keep the user informed regarding each step of the buying process and that is very important
No appropriate reponses or relevant replies even with photos.
Of course I would recommend the alibaba to people because you can order for business purpose or for personal use products.
Fast, large variety of products
Easy to use this platfrom.
Its Easy
Alibaba is a best e-commerce website that anyone can purchase everything with the lowest price.
I'm generally satisfied.
Quality
Access to suppliers in remote locations
I recommend Alibaba service because it have so many Suppliers and all things that you can buy and the treatment is very perfect
se compra muy padre y seguro
good
no
Shipping is Very expensive, especially if you want to order express. Amazon is a lot cheaper and more efficient, arrives within 5-7 days with Amazon.
all transactions to date have been with out any problems
Thank you.
I think that it is a very effective means of trade for those who can communicate in English.
No reason
There are many products.
platform that easy connect to international seller
I'd recommend other businesses to use Alibaba. I've had a great experience so far.
There's no reason why I wouldn't recommend alibaba's services.
Spam really makes me angry, i feel like my personal details are not confidential.  Some of the messages company reps send are disgusting.
I've been scammed and trade insurance didn't help.
The unknown of import tarrifs etc
its very safe and relible
Very professional platform
At first i was honestly skeptical, I did not want to be scammed out of money. Investing is a very big deal and my time nor money should not be wasted. Being said my supplier was very detailed and emailed me consistently until I received my package which was beautiful I cant wait to place my next order!
I knew that you provide trade assurance and it made me feel kind of secure and reliable, but
Ease of use
variety of products
algunos vendedores no especifican el producto y hay que preguntar mucho
a large variety of products, high quality, innovative.fast and quality servicecorrect deliveries
There are still few flaws to this service, I am not sure if it is something I will highly recommend to other business owners. I highly suggest this platform should inform or advice suppliers as how to "properly" engaged business transactions with buyers. There are quite a few flaws that need to be focus on the platform.
ITS VERY FLEXIBLE
this page is perfect to buy!
Simple, effective
tiene garantias del comprador
i recommend alibaba to all people or business because is securely and quickly your services.
NO
Great service and professional vendors
the site is wonderful i can find everything on her for my Store needs!
YO LO RECOMIENDO POR LA SEGURIDAD EN MIS COMPRAS
not prefer to say
all is cool!
The attention is very good, the provider is always asking if anything is okey or if a need something
I would recommend Alibaba Trade Assurance to fellow business owners because in the current ongoing dispute I have with a supplier, Alibaba Trade Assurance and company have been very responsive and supportive even though the supplier was not corporative at all. This tells ms that my business on Alibaba is safe and secures contrary to some news from other quarters.
I will recommend Alibaba to every one.. Very safe in payment with trade assurance.
- super easy to use as a platform- easy / nice to find supplier / make business contacts- discover great products / suppliers- easy to buy -
Товар, который я заказала, оказался хорошего качества - я довольна. Смущают сроки доставки - очень долго! 40-45 дней...Один товар, почему-то, вернулся с пол дороги и мне вернули деньги в течении 3 суток.
Its secure, I would recommend
I would highly recommend Alibaba to everyone who wants an important platform to order any product from suppliers
Most people don't want to purchase in large quantites
+
Precios competitivos y formas seguras de pagar
Great prices
Not al your screens are in english. Sometimes I get Chinees characters.
HAS MANY SUPPLIERS WITH MANY OFFERS AND HAS SUCCESSFUL OPTIONS BY THE USER
They are perfect
I was happy with my order! The product was really perfect !
choice and security
Products are cheaper.
fast and convenient
Буду рекомендовать!Товар отличного качества.Продавец сразу отвечает на мои вопросы.Доставка быстрая, упаковка хорошая.Спасибо продавцу!!!
good easy platform for doing business
TRANQUILIDAD,SEGURIDAD Y FIABILIDAD
no reason
por su variedad de productos a la  venta
It's very difficult to sign in to the site.  I have to reset my password every time.  Even then, I have to reset it multiple times.  I use a password manager through Safari browser.  It's very frustrating.Even this survey doesn't have a very good description of what Trade Assurance is and what the survey questions are for.
La Srta que me atendió fue muy amable, paciente y resolvía todas mis dudas, me apoyo en todo momento y mis productos llegaron muy rápido hasta la puerta de mi casa, muy satisfecho con todo el proceso, desde el contacto del proveedor para cotizar hasta la entrega en la puerta de mi casa
I will recommend it because of its trade assure policies, but still they need to remove traders from the site.
Full professionalism
Variety of things you can find here. But you have to be careful and shop wisely.
I recommend Alibaba services , because its too easy and seftey
lowers my risk
.
i would recommend Alibaba it is good.
It is a great platform
Is very simple,
Lots of selection from many different suppliers and having a safety net if things go wrong with products and purchases.
Meu produto nao chegou e ninguem me ajuda, envio mensagems e nao tenho respostas.
chip and fast. really satisfied
gives confidence when working with a new supplier
safe
It is quite complicated to understand how to deal and where to go on the website because there is so many things need to understand here before purchasing
amazing service
Because it is an easy way to find anything you need in no time and you can filter all good and affordable suppliers.
I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ALI BABA BECAUSE A SUPPLIER MIXED COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS WITH MY PURCHASES.IT IS SO SAD ,MY FRIEND INTRODUCED ME TO USE THIS PLATFORM AND I GOT A BAD EXPERIENCE WITH THE FIRST PURCHASE.I USUALLY SHOP ON TAOBAB .AND I AM GOING BACK THERE FROM NOW ON.I WOULD RATHER BUY MY PRODUCTS IN BITS THAN BUY IN LARGE QUANTITY AND GET IT MIXED WITH COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS.
good communication, good quality of products
xx
Alibaba let French individuals (like me) buy merchandise that are NOT allowed in Europe... impossible to go through customs clearance :-(Alibaba "client" service decided to go on the Seller side, saying it was MY responsability as an individual to know that I could NOT import Bunk Bed for my kids... if the Seller didn't provided necessary clearance documents (which he could not !).Therefore I am losing my money, CANNOT receive my Bunk Bed blocked at customs.
More suppliers to look out for.
all good, i have recommended it to many people.
Trade assurance protects end users
because you always side with your suppliers. you make money off them not me the customer. look at all the arguments i had with you over the years. and when you agree with me and award me compensation the supplier doesnt pay and i complain toyou that they not pay you do NOTHING. I have reported this on you tube, i watn people that trade assurance is a scam to convince you to work through alibaba
Almost Everything is in this One Awesome Location.
parce que les échanges sont faciles et les marchandises de qualités
its nice market place to find goods. but sometimes some companies dont reply me
Alibaba is easy to use. I feel safe paying through Alibaba.
I can find many suplliers
Best Service
I recommend Alibaba.
Very easy to use and a lot of different products
I would recommend because it's easy to understand and connects you with manufacturers with an outstanding track record, who can bring your vision to life.
None
No
hello, i very happy whit my provider
provedores confiables y mucha segurida dela plataforma
Good price
In the past it has been very hard to trade with China. I have had orders not show and lost countless amounts of money to the wrong product showing up, or just not turning up. Having a service such is this opens the world up to safer trading.
POR QUE SON MUY PUNTUALES EN LAS ENTREGAS Y BUENA CALIDAD DE PRODUCTOS MUCHAS OFERTAS
I would recommend
5 stars quality and quantity
The selection of products and prices are very competitive.Only issue that i face is the language, difficult to communicate at times.
is not for everyone
nanananananana
n
Maybe the delivery costs
Excellent choice and my selected shop had excellent and prompt communication.  I picked this store via the recommendations and status etc
More confidence, but I haven't used it yet so not sure how effective it is.
confiables
los envios no llegan a tiempo y es dificl encontrar articulos en la web de DHGATE es mas simple
muy seguros y rapidos al envio asi como la atencion de los fabricantes
I am happy with the customer service and the quality of the product I purchased.
I paid for "trade assurance" and submitted a dispute within the 60 day allowed time for sea freight shipping, but am being told my dispute was submitted too late.
make feel more secure on every order!!!
There is not better sourcing website than Alibaba
-
the suppliers do not give many shipping options
I will recommend it because it make us bussiness safier and give us some way of protection
All 100% Ok! I Reccomend this seller!!! Thanks
The ordering process is difficult to undersatnd
My Personal Email and phone should not be visible to any vendors until I share it with them, because they start emailing all the product that I am not even interested
Les services de Alibaba sont tres réactives
El tiempo de llegada
Shady Sellers
Дорогая доставка
Buena
super
bueno: Encuentras buenos proveedores.malo: A veces es dificil comunicarse con ellos.
A encomenda veio rápido e sem problemas.
I like it
no
good things to sell
THE PAYMENT PROCESS IS VERY SUCK AND COMPLICATED
No reason
Причин не рекомендовать Alibaba.com у меня нет!
hay empresas que son fraude
i like the Alibaba Service(s) because its easy and great shopping web site thank you
I would recommend. No doubt. It's a safe platform
no me brindaron ninguna soluciona a mi problema y el vendedor acepto que el producto estaba malo pero no me dieron solución
It is a great platform to contact factories/ companies from different parts of the world.
Good providers, fast service, good prices.
I feel safe when I pay using trade assurance
we can find every thing on your site
I have nothing to write.
secure service
Good network
very good
sehr gute Komunikation
Easy to apply and easy to connect
Great customer service!
It couldn’t control the supplier’s business behaviours when they are not keeping their promises of a business agreement!
Everything goes well
for the professionnalisme
The site needs to be easier to negotiate on my Samsung s 8 android cell phone.  I rarely use my laptop.  My laptop is becoming prehistoric.  I do everything with my cell phone.  I'm constantly on the go.  My cell phone is always with me
I do recmmmend
excellent, undertake a mobile phone refactionary
the reason why i will recommend alibaba to my co-business owner its because the items we are looking for is almost complete in this site they can connect supplier/manufacturer direct from china as well
it is good
It was very difficult to get completely connected with the pay later very frustrated was late on order
the process is it unclear
m
The knifes I ordered are partly rusty although it said "stainless steel" and I still have no business reciet... :/ Who buys cheap buys twice...
very nice and clear
Recomiendo completamente la plafaforma
The search options are too broad. It takes a long time to find what you need. And then you cannot guarantee the quality of what you are paying for until it has been shipped and delivered. So sometimes the transaction is good business and sometimes it is bad business.
Very easy to make business.
解り易い
nothings
suppliers sometimes change pricing or do not place the correct product in the website as display.
no
no reason
I found there is little resource to explain what everything is and how it works to a beginner, I found that placing my first order took a-lot of guess work. There was also no access to some sort of customer service to help you if for some reason an error was triggered
Competitive prices, good quality of the products.
Software is not working well..I try to complain to trade assurance but it does not work and i do not have an email where to send my complaint..I bought 1 machine and it never worked 1 min and its over 8 months and no one is helpingif someone can send me an answer it would be nice..Tony Baranellotonybaranello@gmail.com
Son una plataforma donde se consigue casi todo
very satisfied
No problem
professional
The service is efficient and effective.
Easy way to pay and not worry about fraud
Trade Assurance gives me a good feeling to get my product in time.
Affordable and usually quality companies.
because i love the bussiness that i have made in here
Not satisfied with order No. 15777106001029418. I do not know where to file a complain. Supplier is not replying to our request. We need Alibaba help as there is a trade assurance. Product is not working
Se obtiene buenos resultados .
because you find practically everything
Produtos de excelente qualidade e vendedores sempre dispostos a te atender melhor!
trustful
Very satisfied
N/A
NONE
The communication with the vendor was very good and the catalgue of goods was great.
pour le sérieux
alibaba can no t give any garanty, we need to trust for each supplier also i think that are very important know how long this product was in alibaba, because some times we need some time for know if the product have life or just after few months u can get a problems.
i recommend Alibaba because i had been excellent business , I got security  for doing business, get the best suppliers, prices, quality and the platform is very easy for working
Good experience
I recommend
Good suppliers, fast response, reasonable prices.
very easy transactions
Trade assurance makes the transaction feel safe
Not really, maybe include non-Chinese manufacturers (e.g. India)
na
Seri?se Plattform, hilfsbereit, gute Ware zu fairen Preisen
you are ok
buen precio
it's easy payment and safe
Alibaba plataform is wonderful for my company. I use it very much.
great Website, serves every Purpose of Business owners
Good partners here, many optioins
It gives you a safer way to do business with overseas suppliers
I didn't have the need to utilize Trade Assurance in case of problem so have no real idea how it would help me in a real situation
Not at all user friendly.
very good
There are many suppliers here. Accept different kinds of payment way.
It's very good service, the suppliers are reliable, quality is good, it's very helpful for my business.
very good products.
What I ordered to raspberry pie 2B
Resources and ease of use.
communications, payments, price everything is very good!
Its good but we have to be very careful with the sellers. And trade insurance was very good for me once and very bad Another time. Theres not enough communication to try to exlain our problem.
Excellent sevice
Muy didáctico
No.1 Various searching tools are equipped in web site.No.2 Quick responses from suppliesNo.3 Tracking Services provides me a lot of information for my business.
the trade manager is not no more easy to use especially on mac
easy to use platform and price is cheap for products
Not applicable
trade Assurance is great. I find the app a little disjointed and hard to follow at times.
The ordering and payment process is very simple and easy
its good
muito bom gostei mais gostaria de receber gostaria de receber todas as mensagens em portugues
ge?ensenelerde k?rlarak gelen mallarda bana ne sat?c? yard?mc? oldu nede siz o yüzden k?r?labilicek e?yalarda ve hatta nakliyelerde nas?l yard?mc? olabilece?iniz hakk?nda geli?tirmelisiniz kendinizi.
I would but i've only used it a couple of times and all my payments/shipments have gone smoothly.
Recommend :too broad you could find almost everthing at an affordable prices
konkurencja
Not enough experience with the service to make a recommendation
I had many problems with quality's product. And the refund aplication is not fair.
Because it is very easy to find and buy what ever you want.
low prices and excellent quality
Fast and clear communication. Quick turnaround. Accurate ship dates
none
Better service and best quality and price.Any one can purchase here without worries.
You can find any product with this service.
pagina que garantiza ventas a nivel internacional
Very easy to use and safe.
very fast deliver
the service is some time too poor
Although there were undelivered items, I was very relieved to be able to respond responsibly.
I'll recommend alibaba.com becauce of the quick relationship with suppliers
Very nice and fast service, along with great product. I have no issue yet to complain and if there were any way to sell I would love to Do this for a job.
el contacto entre empresas es rápido
Quick and easy way to get custom items created and shipped.
Great products and great customer service when placing my order
No
Once you have found a good supplier then to order things becomes very easy and time efficient
Its a easy once you find a good supplier,  thats the hard part.
Very easy to use and good service
no
Incomplete handling of the dispute by the alibaba dispute resolution
exelent service
I like very much Alibaba but cannot give the maximum as the contact with you is often difficult and I would like to be followed also for the shipment with convenient prices
Communication and finding specific items/vendors that I have communicated with are very difficult. Hard to track older products. I wish I could organize the message center better.Pinning conversations is a good feature on my phone app, but the ability does not transfer or get used on the browser site.
secure and reliable platform
easy to use, professional and time saving
???? ?? ????? ??????
It is not safe to buy through you, sellers can still scam the consumerYou do not follow up after sales, just look at the product delivered, but which product quality works, etc.
none
I'm satisfied with my supplier so far. Very responsive to my needs.
I live on an island and there are a lot of copy cats here, i dont want them to know my secret!
I feel safe buying and doing deals that have a body that keeps me and a supervisor that I won't fall into the scam or impostor scam.
I need online chat help directly
I recomend, but in my case is necessary have short that the seller has a certificates.
I would recomend Alibaba
Everything went smoothly
SERVICE
i would like to recommend alibaba because they are very trusted market pleace
good service
for protection on payment and protection on goods ordered
Je crois personnellement que Alibaba a de bons produits mais le gros problème reste la communication et la vente en détail ?
La pagina es algo tardada de cargar y la plataforma se ve algo vieja.
This is a fabulous and safe site for an initiator,     The  money is safe when we transit  through AlibabaI recommended so many co-staff, engineer, Manager and they start doing purchasing through Alibaba.
There's a lot of things that you can find here.
Alibaba is better in terms of quality,reliability and timely delivery.
servicio muy bueno
easy to comunicate
The quality of the product is so so. Spoons are not shiny. Gold boxes has blemishes, some of the box decoration is cracked and broken.
Is really easy to use.
Its tough to find exactly what I'm looking for all the time.
it is valuable for all
NO LO RECOMENDAR?A  PORQUE NO TENEMOS GARANT?A EN NUESTRAS COMPRAS, HAY MUCHOS VENDEDORES QUE SU SERVICIO ES MUY MALO NO HACEN LOS ENV?OS EN TIEMPO,VENDEN PRODUCTO QUE NO TIENEN EN EXISTENCIA.SUGIERO QUE CUIDEN Y PROTEJAN A SUS CLIENTES Y QUE NOS OFREZCAN MAS GARANT?AS.
From my limited transactions I have had good success. There are some vendors that I have had difficulty with in setting something up.
???
easy to handle
easy process
The company that I worked with for my lashes and logo was very polite and timely with their response/. I am very happy with my product.
helpful businesses
I would recommend Alibaba because it is so convenient to do trade and achieve business.
I expected it to be difficult, coming from USA to work with China.. it is surprisingly easy and the people I'm working with are very friendly, and helpful. Can't promote it enough.  Thank you for being is business to build businesses with others.
I would highly recommend due to their being such a huge selection of product availability and very responsive suppliers.
the process is very secure and I feel in control
Great service every time
because of the authenticity and genuineness of the suppliers.
I would recommend it because you can have an conversation with other company's around the world.
i would recommend alibaba.com for the following reasons:-transparent-user friendly
ease of use
I would recommend
Fast, easy and in expensive for great quality!
Great Products and Customer service
I will communication is grate and professional
its very nice
Everything has been great!
easy and fast.
Easy to access and communicate and best is trade assurance safety
Shipping is Expense
Very reliable!
all ok
Its clunky to use- nothing which I have ordered has actually turned up yet.
It’s a great place to find vendors
Quality of products and customer care, major is the trade quality assurance policy
es una buena plataforma tiene de todo
I been scammed by a supplier, i provided all the info i been asked to and at the end case was close and no refund made.
is very cleary info
i would recommend Alibaba.com Service, because now your system is more reasonable than before and more convenient for me to communicate in English with your shops.
unsure about quality until product arrives,poor training
some seller dont want to sell in small quantity and since we a small clinic in mauritius we cant afford to buy  lot of we need only one stuff
i recommend because of the excellent customer service
Por la tranquilidad que nos da a los clientes, de saber que hay profesionales velando por nosotros.
Proffesional people Fast answering
Sometimes a bit of a gamble what you get, samples are very expensive. And if there is any issues, Alibaba tends to side with the seller not buyer.
There are many products that we can't find in our country , we have an opportunity to order them and , that is important, safety of money
For easy payment and trustworthy relationship
Alibaba takes more care for origin suppliers than for buyers
excellent service from Angel
Alibaba is continually making world wide trade simpler for both the seller and the buyer.  Trade assurance helps to guarantee a trust worthy transaction.
Swift response
Good service . There is difficulty and the site is difficult to understand,
very expenceive transactionsfor some uer is cheaper for other not
no.
.
you can always find what you want, with professional producers able to satisfy my requests.
We have not used the service.
I would recommend because there is such a vast marketplace here, and the sales people are generally wonderful and eager to make deals happen.
my custoners
muchos proveedores, aun no me estafan pero si sucediera que den buena solucion.
I am very satisfied Alibaba.com Service
Have not needed to test your dispute resolution process yet, so can neither recommend or not recommend this aspect.
Trusty
convenience and difficult parts can be found
It easy and fast delivery
Good prices and selection of vendors. Quality has been acceptable on all orders so far
Thank you very much
los recomendaria
good
my disputes has been solved but i havent received my money. it has been 3 weeks already.
Sammi is so great and helpful and the product is as expected!
Gran cantidad de productos a buen precio, con buen soporte.
es muy amigable la plataforma para hacer compras
easy to order products you need.
I recommend to any business owner
TODO MUY BIEN
Will recommend Alibaba.com Service(s)
Great place to buy at a competitive price
日本語表示への未対応
good quality
great service.
Best place to find suppliers and escrow account
Have been very happy with your process.
n/a
Great prices but don't like getting socks that are too small or paying for customs because the seller didn't do their job
Confian?a
good platform.expensive shipping to europe
Alibaba has a process that makes it easy to request, select and order goods. I find that having a wide range of merchants and products to choose from adds to the experience. I choose what fits my needs exactly.
have not used it
Many offers, insurance, good price, good service.
they can make competition to me
It is a little difficult to find the things.It will be great if you have two types of buyer one of them corporate buyer and the other one individual buyer.
Way too much spam.  Suppliers responding with irrelevant information, incomplete information and no way to get rid of it or block them.   Alibaba then compounds the issue by sending email reminders.  Alibaba messages are 99% useless junk.
great service all around
good very good
It's a great place to know companies from China that are willing to sell with lowers MOQ. I own a medium-sized company, and still can't afford high MOQ despite the good prices I can get with them.
I would recommend it because it's probably the best way to order things from around the world in a simple way and the texting system is great.
Respuesta inmediata. Muy bien con el seguimiento de la mercaderia.
It is a very large and varied network, you can find just about anything you're looking for.
Because the seller is charging me their Alibaba fee and putting it in the shipping then I have to my alibaba fee.
I would recommend it because it gives the buyer assurance for it's money.
is secure to do buinses
I love Alibaba! It's the best website to find vendors.
I would recommend it so much!!... the only problem is that most of suppliers do not accept credit polities, even when you have buying so many times..And the time in the boat is really annoying (but i guess that is not Alibaba?s problem).
GOOD SERVICE.
Everything works
Calidad, confianza y seguridad
I get a great personal reliable service
Cheap products and reliabilty
Reliable
no
Easy to navigate and understand website. Quick responses
-----------------------------------------
Very simple, worked out for me.  I would say that more companies need to add more methods of payment which is why it's not 10/10.  But the service of Alibab has been great.
very glitchy website, really uncomfortable to use.
It's secure, good quality and great service
does not apply
ok
Great reliability. Ensures an honest transaction.
i fell safe
it works
I have not received my order
Purely because telling people about it would mean they could source things themselves and I use your service to be able to provide my clients with items they can't source.
Как ни крути это оптовый сайт, кому-то это не нужно.
I not have problems with Alibaba services, its good for my bussines
Yes, I received the order and I am very happy with it.  However, I wanted to write a review (within the link you sent earlier but the site did not provide me the opportunity to actually type in the review).  In light of that, I would just like to say that Tina Ma (the lady with whom I communicated with throughout the whole transaction) was exceptionally helpful, knowledgeable, and went beyond all expectations.   We had some technical issues with the payment of the order and difficulty with your site accepting my payment even though we tried using several different credit cards.  The whole thing took an inordinate amount of time and emails back and forth, but, thanks to Tina Ma (and in part, our IT department) we were able to sort things out and the order payment went through.
So far all my orders have come through and am happy with the service!
Safe, serious sellers, simple to use.
Fast response, good prices.
A very intelligent and robust system - congratulation on your efforts!
The services of alibaba.com have been using them recently, however they seem to me well made and professional.
Problems with product quality and refund possibilities. Often suppliers aren't willing to send a refund although the products are wrong, don't work properly or are counterfeit products.
Simple, secure and convenient
I bought a fraud product and when I realized 30 days had passed I would like the time to be longer, because I was a victim of fraud
Great service. Many suppliers. Easy to use.
good service and easy to find
breach of contract by supplier and total ignoring of it by team of alibaba
No reason
Find what you need
no
safe for international trade
Alibaba trade assurance does NOT help the customer. I have got the impression, that it is only an alibi-function to cover non honest traders in the net. I din not receive any help according to the problems. I did not receive any compensation or replace for the not working goods I payed for. A service could not be worse.
i would recommend
All looks OK
n/a
can search what i want in alibaba.
will recommend
Reliable and quick response, professional
It is very hard to get assistance when things go wrong with your order.
?
I find it difficult to answer.
easy, flexible and all manufacturers on one web site
good platform for order
very good service
fees for money transfers keep changing each time I place the order so I have to keep changing payment methods to save money.
good product
.
safe transaction set up is the best
confiabilidad y rapidez
sellers, produces something else from what i asked for.sellers i speak to do not reply if the amount is small, amount is small so i would know their service is alright, than next purchase amount would be bigger.some sellers want to do payment through paypal, so they won't follow the alibaba transactions. alibaba website is a little complicated to use, on the computer, it is difficult to find 'messages' you had with the suppliers.
easy to search
Quick service, organized and efficient. Many options for all different designs.
Because is very simple to buy.
Excellent
Easy to find products and easy to talk to sellers
Products arrived on time and as described.  Satisfied with products completely!
I would highly recommend anyone to use Alibaba as a great place of business. I have already suggested to my closest friends to use Alibaba.
Some suppliers are rude with clients
Nice
Yes, I recommend alibaba services, since it is a platform that allows you to connect with suppliers from all over China.
hola, si, siempre han llegado mis pedidos, los precios son muy convenientes y seguro
very user friendly and fast replying suppliers
your apps NOT USER FRIENDLY. especially to non commercial general public who just want to buy items listed.
building trust that the service is good, the product is quality and the delivery is in a good time
..
Great prices, great products and great service.
i would not say anything negative, however quantity min orders need to come down. for small and medium businesses.
Confidence that my investment is protected until i am satisfied with the products. Wish i had more time to inspect the items as it takes a LONG time to ship and receive them due to delays in customs.
Reliable service
I have not received my order
all good
different suppliers for one product and easy to use
wating product .......
we have a wonderful experience with Alibaba
funciona bien, y sirve de nexo con los fabricantes
Hade a problem with a custom order that wasn't resolved favorably.Luckily it was for a nominal amount and a second supplier could be found.
This company always does a great job and I get my ideas exactly when they commit to me having them.
The search engine is poor it needs some intelligence.
not used it
Satisfactory
i have not recieved my order
These video brochures are great quality! Diana has been very helpful and patient with all my questions! Fulfillment snd shipping was additionally quick.
HE HECHO DOS COMPRAS, Y NO SON CLAROS CON EL PRODUCTO QUE OFRECENLA OTRA FUE QUE CONFISCARON MI PRODUCTO CUANDO EL VENDEDOR ME DIJO QUE NO TENDRIA NINGUN PROBLEMA DE ADUANAS
no
Good service, great offers, competitive prices
EXCELLENT PRICES
i cant find my suppliers, because they don't have the name, i have to look for them, again.
They have a great customer service so I recommend it for all. Thanks
Is very reliable and I love trade assurance because it gives me confidence when buying products from Alibaba vendors.
good
Shipping takes long time, but prices are good. I wish more suppliers put shipping costs to the U.S. in description. I've seen suppliers put very low price to get you to contact then charge big shipping charge compared to supplier that put correct price then give true shipping cost. I will always look at my final cost so it only makes me want to not trust supplier that too low cost too high shipping. To supplier good price and reasonable shipping.
Not made use of this
Payment via bank transfer seems to be mandatory now.
Very helpfull suppliers are at hand.
The transaction with this seller was smooth. Seller delivered what it was promised.
good
It helps you to cover the risks on the transactions.
I would like to see better advanced searching and sorting. For example low to high price. Better info on shipping and shipping discount or container share options. Also more detailed spec or drawing info on products to make sure they are the specs we need
No
Я буду рекомендовать. Я нахожу товары, которые сложно найти в моей стране.
web site is so complicate and not helpfull for the product when I need to find specifically
Safe money - safe profits
I am happy with the efficiency of the supplier, their response and their thoroughness - I would be working and developing further business with Learnew
1. I know my money is secured2. I have many options to choose from in terms of products, price, suppliers3. The price are great cannot complain4. Love the online shopping, I can be in my bed and shop
Good customer service and support
alibaba service user friendly
I am just happy with the services
i would reccomend
Hi, I made my first purchase and I get there without problems. The only thing that shipping prices are very high.
I am happy with the service
easy business
When I am using Trade Assurance service,  I am feeling secure.
quick answers by custumer service
NO
Tem garantia de reembolso, e muito mais
no reason
i recommend Alibaba.com because there are trust worthy and genuine suppliers here...
easy to navigate- would recommend on that.
is safe
The process is very easy and the agents are very polite and helpful.That's all you need.
You can get almost anything you want at very reasonable prices.
Had one issue with a supplier that was taking too long to deliver and I applied for a refund, it was denied (its been about 5-6 months for this order, supplier taking too long to respond etc) now products are being delivered but prices have gone down online everywhere so product is garbage for me. $2400 wasted.
the trade assurance was a good piece of mind when dealing with a company you don't know
Price
A good "One-stop shop" fortunately suppliers do not deluge you with unsolicited contacts.
Amazing service
Have no big problems with using Alibaba.
High Transaction fee costs (Credit Card)
it is very safe to buy and controll the money
Products are cheap
Amazing
It is a page where transfers can be made reliably
Great platform to do business on
Pretty new to the Alibaba-world so I need to read up on exactly what Trade assurance is, but I have full confidence that Alibaba does its best to protect both sellers and customers from "foul play", so I feel quite safe on Alibaba.
Good and reliable
I would recommend it cause it is easy platform, guides you of the steps and also responds to any help i need.
Quick and efficient - great communication
3
molte offerte e prezzi interessanti
I believe it helps builds trust between the buyer and the supplier.
its ok to use
Dear Minny,my order has recieved very perfect !we have many trust for you and your company.Spazialy your best helping and informing for was very very exellentKind regard
non sono tanto contento a consigliare voi non per la qualità o la serietà della vs. azienda anzi, ma per i troppi buoni affari che si possono fare e naturalmente li perderei io
I think I use Trade Assurance order bending machine and use supplier Anhui Bending Machine send and have bought insurance Ping-An. As I remember order since May this year until now I don't have get damage cost from insurance company, And have insurance compony attemp force me to cost down 80% of machine price - broken machine value from auction is 3903.3 usd and - deduction cost don't know how much.
Best
I have not
Because it is useful but at times it is tricky as well and also you need to mention the procedure of any dispute in advance.
нет причин
?imdiye kadar ald???m hi?bir üründe sorun ya?amad?m bu yüzden ?neriyorum
safe
Satisfied
Good for non clothing / shoe but Chinese size shoes and clothing is too different to western sizing and very hard to buy correct size online.
no reason to not reccomend
many times the products listed are not available or in stock.
Efficient services
Safety of Trade Assurance. If you did not have that I wouldn't touch the website.
I think its good
All is OK with Alibaba
We can purchase desired product cheaply
Control of the transaction
I will definitely suggest alibaba to my friends and family
Due to the lack of support to the buyer, they go around a lot to really give the customer a backup of satisfaction with the suppliers that cheat you with poor quality products.
Trustfull and fast
Good communication
good
I think some items need more description / clarity. I searched for biodegradeable and a lot of listings showed but cant find information in description and when I look at 'materials' non-biodegradeable materials are used.
I ordered two products and one of them was broken and delivery came.I complained about this problem and there was no feedback in your company.
Poor customer support.
the UI needs to be enhanced
The ease of finding providers.
Alibaba is great place to shop for most things.
some suppliers are rude
The sellers are responsive and willing to work with the customers. With Alibaba trade assurance we as customer have confidence in the quality and service. Thanks.
Good customer service. Fast shipping. Timely responses. Good quality products.
los recomiendo ya que encontré excelentes proveedores y el nivel de seguridad para cuidar de nuestras inversiones es impresionante.
Probably I Will
brinda toda las garantias
there isn't one
IT IS FINE
IT IS FINE
It is so easy for our buyer buying from Chinese suppliers
Good
SON BUENOS
Very difficult to communicate and login to this website.  The messaging system is broken. The login process is barely better.There are two forms of messaging, Message Center and then a separate pop up window.  I have seen conversations in one that is not in the other. This is annoying.  There should be ONE unified messaging system that actually works on Alibaba.com  instead I get multiple errors when trying to send messages.
would not run my credit card for payment, could not speak with anyone that was able to help me.Customer service was no better than reading the help section. all they did was requote the help section.
Easy and safe
was nice and easy, even though it my 1st order
very good information
good buying opotunity
Easy to work with people! Good prices also.
Fast replys, shipping and HIGH quality products. Delivers exactly what was promised and deliver was 1 day before promised.
Only to stay away from anyone without trade assurance
It's easy to use and you can find whatever you are looking for, and it is also safe.
you are the best
My refund is now well over a satisfied time limit
Algunos proveedores son atentos y ayudan al cliente a encontrar el producto , el servicio de alibaba es seguro.
Good service
Great response from suppliers
I tried to claim a refund but the website didn't allow me
I would, for price and availability. Anything I want, I can find here.
Everything is fine
There are a lot of resellers on the site. It's hard to distinguish between the actual factory and a reseller.
Pretty easy to use and have had good results.
please be vigilant!
It is safe...
En el sitio por lo general son fabricantes
buen servicio
excelentes productos y muy buena calidad
perfect for people to get an easy contact with factories abroad. sometimes the communcation is a little hard
its safe and fast to make payments
Love it
I'm very satisfied
I prefer to be the main communication between my clients and my manu
I will recommend because of the transparece for the business
The rapidity of shipping and the quick answer
easy to use
La comunicación con los vendedores es exelente, permite calificar los productos, después de un tiempo razonable para probar los productos, envíos rápidos, es exelente.
order hasn't been delivered although email is saying it was
Absolutely outstanding product tracking and service..very pleased and will order again other products..Dr. Jeffrey Moore
its good
La recomendaría porque son muy serviciales pero tienen que tener cierta flexibilidad con las compras no puede ser posible que te te exijan comprar un contenedor de un solo producto cuando puedes comprar varios productos de esa misma fabrica.Tener la facilidad de que una empresas se dedique a llenar un contenedor con diferentes productos varios, como si fuera un carro de compras pero en volumen.
We have a goog experience with the service.
Lo recomiendo ya que es una manera segura se hacer alguna compra entre el  proveedor y el comprador.
i will recommend,
high quality and good price
provides great access to many great manufacturers worldwide.  Great communication venue.allows RFQs which are great!Mike Hughes
I would highly recommend it because of the secure payment service
I would recommend services.
ok
never had an issue with a seller test trade assurance. yet. Sorry.
1. Prices that suppliers provide are not accurate. The ranges should be enforced (i.e. $0.01-$90/unit is not a reasonable range, and suppliers to not uphold their stated rates)2. Sometimes get spammed by suppliers after reaching out once3. User interface is not intuitive, especially on the app4. Not enough suppliers in other countries (other than China)
I dont want to inform buing source!
Es una plataforma confiable y de un buen comercio
I'm a new customer and just had a very bad experience with Yiwu Lidiya Import & Export Co., Ltd. on an order because they did not include enough shipping in their listing.  So i had to cancel the order, have alibaba hold my refund for up to 10 days, create a new order recreating all the new colors and quantities because the seller wouldn't do it from my old order, she was rude to me, wasted tons of my time all over $8.  It was her mistake and she should have just swallowed the $8 to keep a long term customer.I'm already leery about the whole process buying overseas and making sure I get quality products.  This experience did not help.Also her pictures didn't match her descriptions, causing a misorder.
Слишком малый срок Заказа. Товар еще в пути, а Заказ уже закрыт. И нет возможности продлить. Нет кнопки связи с поставщиком.
Everything is simple and strait forward
I like the ease of use. One area that needs improvement is the shipping and tracking information. we recognize that it will take  several days to arrive, but the update would be more efficient if standard notification is sent
Fast and efficient service.
excelent service and excelents products
My PO arrive in time, safe and very quality.!!!!
Great deals and communication
no good description of details about it
Need to increase time of Trade assurance to allow for ocean freight time + a few weeks for proper inspection of parts
I've been able to find good quality materials in the quantities that I need. The search function is a bit difficult to use in order to get the result you're after, but I've figured it out for the most part.
ALL YOU GET AT ONE PLACE
None
gives the buyer confidence that they will be refunded if there is a problem. can access many products and companies
Parfois la qualité n'est pas bonne
The ease of getting what you are looking for is incredible
excelente servicio
Bueno es una pagina que le da facilidad de compras a uno como clientes
Efficient and easy to use feel of confidence in processing order.
the service is good reliable
Great bussiness to do!
Ninguna
I will surely recommend because services are authentic
Perfect
I like the large selection of products and prices.
Great service, and package arrived fast and in great condition. Will definitely order again.
It is a reliable site and we feel secure working with suppliers listed here.
I like the service I received so far. The product I bought were according to my expectation
great service
The past order was a scam, the products were not working when received, the other products never received. total order amount was of $111 but with the supplier we get to agreement of $60 because the supplier wanted to return $50.Found no help from Alibab in this.
Fast delivery
Good service, good products and quick delivery
.
chishipping international logistics, thru their agent echo lin, we paid, money was deducted from our account, but they did not release our shipments.
Easy to use.  Contacts made have been fruitful.  Good service.
NA
I like the platform and how we can communicate with suppliers
Assurance
je recommande: parce-que la sécurité de l' argent vous gardez jusqu' a ont re?ois l' article .non: parce- que article défectueux retour a nos frais
Trust through the trade assurance ordering is great.
The confirmation of order should be from customer end not from supplier or vendors end like ali express
reliable
I like Alibaba.com service.
если только высокая стоимость логистики
Tres bon
Can quickly find the required products, high quality products, good after-sales service.
Lots of varieties of products can be found from Alibaba.com, and prices are lower than market rate.
Best quality goods at reasonable price.
Не совсем дружественный и понятный интерфейс мессенджера и всего сайта
Awesome process, quick and smooth. Majority sellers are verified and price can be compared easily.
it is safe to trade on alibaba
i little complicated to use
My account is banned
It gives buyers peace of mind
东西不贵 但运费高 运过来的不一定是好的
fast service
the ease of use id getting better, so i will recommend
Great quality, prices and delivery.
I do not want my competition to see my products or meet my manufacturers.
es fácil de usargarantia de compra
Alibaba is easy to use and the payments feel secure
easy to shop and finalize any order
variety of products to choose from, some competent salespeople
Trustworthy platform that is easy to use and accesses a huge number of suppliers.
trustful service
i have purchased items that were faulty and Alibaba didn't do anything to resolve the issue.
I am not a trader so don't have contact with other people who would want to use Alibaba.
A very large range of products at a good price.
Easy, simple and fast.
Peace of mind. Knowing your goods are covered against loss.
A lot of options
I let them know it is a bit of work, and a lot of messaging back and forth, but the price is excellent
手軽で安心できるサービスだと思います。
great service
clothing sizes are sometimes misleading
I love the service. I would recommend this service to any business owner.
Quality vendor selection
Because it makes safer transactions
I would recommend Alibaba but I placed a cautionary "8" since any person working with the Chinese need to understand the language barrier (even if it is in English) and the lack of open communication around dimensional details or engineering data to help verify the part.   In spite of that I am overall happy with what I received except for the added costs related to testing performed by our business to qualify the part.
THE PRODUCT IS EXCELLENT. Tina the sellar very helpful and time of delivery was very good!
Great platform, many and diverse suppliers and trade assurance.
Shipping speed is faster than with other platforms
...
It is great to open a business and customer service was great!
lo recomiendo por que el servicio es bueno y lo que uno compra al llegar es realmente lo que uno compro.
No reason
THe great is that the equipment is always protected with trade assurance. The payment is with credit card, which is great , faster and safe.
NUNCA RECIB? MI PRODUCTO.... ME ROBARON...... NEVER I RECEIVED THE CELPHONE!!!!  you Stole me.
very reliable
more than happy to recommend a great service.
I am very happy with the ESD strap. Thank you very much.
I would be far more likely to recommend if you could do one simple thing. After a payment has been made I would like to be able to print a copy of the payment as a record, however I have found that impossible to do.I am having to do a screen shot to do it which does not allow for all the info to be seen.This is a simple thing, and really annoying that I cannot print a copy of the payment.
Safest mode of payment.
It opens the world into cross country business and trade.
Some of my previous shipments arrived broken. Others never showed up. Sometimes it's confusing when sellers provide lots of different kinds of items. You think you're ordering one thing, then they change the wood or use a different style and you don't get what you thought you were getting. Very frustrating. But, sometimes you can get a good price... if you get the product you wanted.
I will not recommend it because I have really bad experience whit a supplier I really lost almost about $20 000 because the supplier send me a really bad quality auto spread parts, ill like to know how can I contact some of you I have all the itmes here because I can not sale because it is garbish. I don't know if there its a way to get refound from this company.
Nos encanta el portal web, la comunicacion con los proveedores es fluida y rapida. Estamos muy satisfechos.
My orders are correct and on time, so yes, I would recommend Alibaba =)
I am not sure everyone has enough experience dealing with China.  I am very comfortable with the process and communication.  It is not for everyone.
LA ATENCION Y EL ENVIO ES RAPIDO
I thought the company we dealt with was very professional and they did an excellent job of communicating. Concerns about Chinese tariffs and the toxicity of the printing materials worried us. Additionally, not knowing how much the customs fees would be made us change our mind. We can buy the machine to make our own puzzles for less than the shipping costs/customs fees.
The Trade Assurance gives low time assurance for user.
I thought Alibaba was protecting me as a customer, but i was wrong :(
The sellers cheat, I didn't receive support regarding my problem. After agreeing to the seller's suggestions, I cannot resume the case and I have not received the promised missing parts
los precios
It's safe.
I have been happy with the samples I have received so far and the communication with suppliers, but as I have not yet placed a full order, I cannot recommend the full service yet.
ALIBABA HAS INSURANCE
I recommended the services
Vendors should be able to attach a corrected spreadsheet to order. Your "product description is always incorrect. The actual order is always on a spreadsheet.
It gave me confidence in placing my order.
Very pleased
no
Because of the more trustworthy friendly deals
Recommending for Trade Assurance.
Because I ordered before
very fast shipping and came in good conditions.
На заказ ответитли очень быстро, упакован хорошо, Соответствует описанию. Спасибо.
-
would
Cheap and fast
I have been trying to submit a dispute for week on product purchased that DOES NOT WORK. You make it practically impossible to submit a dispute. i spent hours going over your step. This is horrible!Order No. 18806635001028840
product was not usable, finally agreed to return but would not send shipping label. any reviews do not post. all is a scam can't buy from China, no returns no refunds!
Without package tracking I'd expect more lenience towards the customer.Having to manually extend delivery is not an acceptable practice especially when failure to do so auto confirms.In my scenario, I hadn't received the package and was notified by email to extend. I then extended delivery only to receive an email later stating that my time to request a refund had passed. Well I was waiting for delivery and extended therefore I should have had more time to request a refund. You are penalizing the client for being accepting of slow delivery.
Trade Assurance is very good services, but a little expensive for safe-payment.
Excellent service  Great Product
no reason
Great service!
some sellers shipping method is confusing. expected it to be shipped to doorstep but ended up being shipped to port. expensive to clear port which was not communicated to us when we made purchase.
Great place to find all you need
I do not have anyone to recommend the services to.
N/A
Cause everything i bought is good quality.
It took me a little while to understand how it works but really like it now that I understand that you can negotiate prior to purchasing.
Alibaba till now proves to be reliable and trustworthy. It is also a very big platform with many manufacturers/traders
i am ok with the services I have taken
see no reason
best seller services
He realizado pedidos y los productos no han llegado
had some negative experiences with sellers in the past and alibaba did not even try to help me get a refund on my orders. they seem to always favor the sellers and not the buyers.
very easy and quick
global platform
I highly recommend using Alibaba's website because the relationship with the vendor, secure payment and reliability is excellent.
I would recommend it for finding and working with quality suppliers providing a good value.
У меня нет причины вас не рекомендовать, вы молодцы развиваетесь!
I like everything, but on 1688 a lot of things are being sold for less, so it's not fair!
Because it is stress free for business owners like me. just a click and I get everything I want with assurance. i know who to deal with in the app
very good platform, only the search is somtimes a little bit tricky, because of wrong translations.
no
I like Alibaba Services and i recommended to all my business fields.
il servizio e controllato e assistito
Alibaba so far has done well.
would recommend it
convenient and comprehensive way of ordering goods
Very professional and efficient. The service and officiency I have recieved have been second to none.
if the trade assurance was not effectively safeguarding the customer.
serious and safe
I just the order with you 3 products but have the problem 2 products. Before i sent dispute to you know i find new factory to made order
would recommend
No reason
I'm pleased with the capabilities of the manufacturers I work with.  I like the security of working through Alibaba.
i will not recommend it because i am unable to pay my order via visa card.
Because the payments and level of service are protected.
I would recomend because of good overview of products and simple communication with suppliers.
Alibaba is professional and fast
trust web site
Supplier is very accommodating and supportive.
Wide variety. Proper feedback and tracking. Trade assurance
Good quality of products provided by suppliers.Many suppliers.Easy-to-understand browser and Japanese translation are convenient.
I found good suppliers and the delivery is on-time.
its easy way to find suppliers & having trade assurance is most important...
My contact person was very active when I ordered product sample. Got me updated on shipment tracking, because it was in Chinese language I guess. Nice quick delivery. Placing my order soon. The contact persons English skills were medium, didn't understood occasionally.
Trade Assurance
ok good services done...
I appreciated being able to find the product I was searching for.
At this moment, I don't have enough experience with Alibaba service so it's hard to tell any reasons why I should recommend this service.
-
The payment options from India are limited and transaction fees are too high.There should be option of bank transfer locally within India.
It is fairly a good online platform
very good service
friendly and efficient service.
La facilidad de encontrar distintos proveedores para un mismo producto
I am new user not sure how well ABB can help us sorting supply from China.
Everything is available in China
Convenient service.A large assortment.Competition between the options presented.Built-in payment system (for those who do not have currency accounts)
The conduct is very complicatedWritten answer cannot be pasted in correspondence window
It's extremely easy and FAST.  Most of the time very convenient.
no reason
Easy transaction, good support, and on-time delivery.
the user platform is confusing
I would recommend because alibaba gives me guarantee
Good
Find Nearest Manufacturer in area near port that i need.
a confian?a e profissionalismo .
I received defective machines. I filed a dispute, and agreed on supplier sending me 4 new mother boards and  $400 for repair fees. I have received the funds but no mother board. It has been 2 month since I got the product and the issue still not resolved.
Easy and Security
今回注文をした商品の納品数が大幅に足らず（1000個の注文に対して納品が700個）、連絡をしているが返信がない。受け取り完了をしてしまったので支払いは進んでいる。イベント用なのに間に合わなければ問題になるため、同じ業者へのリピートは考えられない。
No reason.
Seller is very responsive and helped me to his best!
Because it good site to purchase in large quantity.
uuioioo
That's more secure order
Really good Service
I think the manufacturer or Trading company should specify every detail of the product before sending or selling a sample product. Also the app is very slow.
Great way to make business.thank u.-
good system!   nothing more!  better than any other service
Great service
no
no por ahora
I would recommend it because we actually received products in a very high quality which we honestly would not have expected.
sorders take to long but im ok.
very cheap
Easy to find suppliers and Alibaba trade assurance protects Buyer.
Very quick responses.
Alibaba is established, organized and seems to have a level of standards to be adhered to by the Seller and Buyer.
Great Customer Services
The Overall Experience was great. From Communication with the representative to quality of product to shipment of the product, whatever was mentioned on the description was 100% fulfilled. I am very much impressed by the services and the product. I bought multiple items and placed multiple order. 100% satisfied. One area for improvement is the shipping costs, I would suggest Alibaba to open more options for the customers to choose the shipping as not every customer wants to pay more for expedite shipping and some customers who are not in time constraint, can wait for shipment but would need a non expensive shipping method.
The system is too complicated and time consuming,
I have serios problem with Alibaba. It is hard to sign in messages and when signed for most of the times soon after signing in Alibaba override with Ready t Ship. As well if I am on the page browsingdam returned to Ready to Ship. Sometime I may be on totally different side and you send me Readyto Ship. This is happening all the time. Very frustrating and very difficult to work.Please check into this and let me know so I can continue with My work, ordering merchandize.Regards, Mario Lozic, Canada.
I made an 0ver 7,000 dollar order and it came not as specified and by the time I got it it was too late to claim and I am stuck with a product I cant dispose of.
The confidence that provides dong business with the manufacture
good platform which combines product search with the search of the manufacturers. This makes the first step in a new business really easier.
easy and no problems
I'm not enough familiar with the process, it harder for me.
its user friendly
Two orders at the moment. Each time chinese providers shipped products with significant lower qualitity (10% purity of herbal extract instead of the promised 98% !).Trade assurance allowed only a partial refund. Money lost. Waste of time.
Communication difficulties
If I would recommend them, but I would try not to do so much, since you are my main source of suppliers. And if they remain anonymous, I earn money
Very professional and secure.
Me gusta mucho la facilidad que tienes para hacer tu compra y la multitud de productos y proveedores.Es una plataforma excelente!!!!!
A lot of goods available in one place and very quick response from suppliers
adds protection
From the first time when I've discovered Alibaba, I knew that i found the gold mine and my life as an entrepreneur changed. This is the place where you can outsource your products and this is why I would recommend Alibaba's services.
servicio sactifactorio
Все построено очень хорошо
Reliable
Having a layer of accountability for buyers and sellers is helpful
Service was a bit confusing at first, but once you understand how this work, it's easy.I still think some products have prices a bit higher that other places.
cumplimiento  y puntualidad de la entrega de productos
be careful of scammer
Why they can reply and why they need via email or what app?
I recently ordered some products from a supplier who shipped out damaged goods. The supplier was given the PO contact terms during our initial conversation. However, because the samples were faulty and the shipment was damaged I asked the supplier to reimburse the funds for the products. The supplier refused and opened a case with trade assurance. The supplier promised she will send out new samples but I have not received the refund or the new samples. The Alibaba representative (Joyce) was not helpful in resolving the issue even though I submitted all the evidence. I am very disappointed in how this case was handled. I will call my bank and process a chargeback for the samples.
price
not professional some of them it was ok understand & also some promotional not clear
Efficient Service
It's quite easy to find whatever is what you are looking for and then start the buying process.
Hi,Still iam waiting for the order to dispatch and i can write a good review once i receive my package.
after being sold baking soda  in place of another product and trying to get a refund through trade assurance then having my case closed, I've been robbed $400 and unhappy with both the vendor and the sites response.
Check the purchase history, for me ALIBABA is a total FRAUD platform!
convenient to use
It is OK Alibaba,com services
I like that its a safe way to do business
Recommend due to Safe n trusted website.Not recommend due to expensive fee
очень богатый ассортимент, цены супер, можно договориться с продавцом, даже просто пообщаться. все хорошо, но,  не хватает сортировки товара по цене доставки..... хотя.... добавляет элемент интриги)))) ботинки за 30 долл доставить стоит 135)))
Easy and safe trade! Very good!
Becaus it is a good way to talk with supliers
フェイク品が多い事。
No or very limited replies and post of them quoting prices as retail.
very good
I recommend it for the good service
Recently had a refund request for some defective items, I wasn't satisfied with the result.  However, I had to accept the result reluctantly.  The trade assurance isn't really protecting the  buyers at 100%, it really depends on how the Alibaba dispute processing staff made the judgement.  Could be fair or unfair.  To be honest, I am now trying to find other ways of sourcing instead of using Alibaba.  I would still buying items through Alibaba, but will also try some other platforms or ways of sourcing.
It is my second order, I havent use the benefics of trade assurance because everything turn out well so far, but it makes me feel more secure when it comes to payment
n/a
i would recommend it because i'm very satisfied and had all the help i needed to solve all my problems.
Truly professional websote, friendly interface, great customer support.
I would recommend 5star because they have great service,reliable, secured, shipping in time and safe delivery and fast
respaldo
variety of options available on all items of interest.
Great platform, I can process orders for my business easily.
Bgjjvbnhfvmkkmbvggg
I don't understand it well enough.  It has done nothing for me that I'm aware of.
I would recommend because there's so much to be found on Alibaba. There is no limit to the products and services you can receive.
It is a very good portal
I would recommend because is so easy to find many different articles.
I've always been very satisfied with the customer service and professionalism.
Very lovely and reliable people to work with
Fast delivery and diverse products and so much more...
So far I have had a very positive experience! I have talked to several different manufacturers and all have been very helpful. Also, the responses I have gotten have been in a timely manner.
It has a large stock of durable goods!
So far, has been good communication between the suppliers and myself so would recommend to others.
never know when they are working or not. If I need assistance to continue ordering who do I contact?
convenient to have all vendor in a central location
i will recommend
Cheap prices mainly
I bought a table and lights . I payed , they delivered  the lights (with no instructions to assemble them) and I am waiting for the table. It is taking almost a month later it should to be delivered.  The supplier doesn't reply and there is no mail nor customer support in alibaba.
no
I would tell everyone to be cautious because you may not get what you ordered.
Its hard to communicate and things resolved.  I keep getting asked to send the same things over and over and no one helps me
HOLA... hice mi primera compra y no me llegaron 9 items, cada item es de 12 unidades... en total 108 articulos que no me llegaron... y el vendedor me da las vueltas preguntandome siempre lo mismo. Le estoy exigiendo el reembolso.
N/C
I would recommend them because they made it easy to communicate with the seller and i was reassured by the fact that they have protections in place for both the buyer and the seller.
С некоторыми продавцами приятно работать. Но очень много продавцов игнорируют запросы.Очень много продавцов пытаются общаться вне площадки Alibaba.
I recommend Alibaba to other because of tthe pricing, large amout of supplies and quick response to inquires
????
high prices
varied input of products available and venders willing to make an effort to resolve any problems
GREAT VARIETY & FAST DELIVERY
is one of the best websites to buy product .
highly recommend
Product quality is good but have some scratch on product and sensors are not working fine
Shipping really needs work, it's either to expensive or to slow.
good
Good products, but sometimes are third-party sellers saying that they are factories
Is a good market place.
No comment.  Its a useful service for me.
es muy practico
beacuse products is looking diferent on the picture
Faut demander a CHAQUE item intéressé combien coute la livraison. J'ai payé 25$ de livraison et à la maison j,ai du repayé 25$ de taxes et dédouanement. Avec ebay et aliexpress, cela n,arrive pas!Je vais continuer à acheter chez Aliexpress et ebay.
100%
I've yet to have to go through a trade assurance claim, thus, so far so good.
I would recommend Alibaba.com service, they are very helpful and kind, but I wish if the help contact support easier.
Well I haven't had any problems using the service, and it gives you great peace of mind.
I feel my money is safe and the products are protected
Je recommanderais Alibaba.com car je suis très satisfait de le simplicité pour être mis en relation avec un fournisseur et la sécurité qu'offre le site pour le règlement et le suivit de la commande
i don't have
Because it s great
Many times I used.
Would recommend because Ali is great service in quality, timely and assurance. Great site navigation too. Thank you
Some sellers dont have good quality products compared to others
nill
I RECOMMEND ALIBABA , IT IS VERY GOOD PLATFORM FOR BETTER DEAL
è molto affidabile
N/A
Always come true and receive the goods I expect. Good communication and all the providers I have contacted , had good service and professionalism.
i will recommend it sure, its top safety and a lot of goods available.
good services
a
User friendly, convenient and fast. Open lines of communication via instant messaging
I recommend the services because there are many products and the suppliers usually answer quickly.
trust
???? ???? ????? ??? ???? ??????? ??????? ???? ????
I like Alibaba.com Service
Good quality ,communication good
I am not a buisness and only required these goods once only but Iwas very sattisfied with the service
Here and there several minor problems with the web side.E.g. login page has a "keep me signed in" that does not work. I have to sign in again and again.
Thanks
It has a very good service but user interface is not very friendly
Good sevices, I really enjoyed buying from Alibaba.Only one thing needs improvement, Customer wants to details segregation (Manufacturers & Traders) details to be shown
I recommend Alibaba because there are too many items and brands and the most important is your payment is secure.
most of the suppliers do not reply for my Inquiry
The trade assurance
Cheap and reliable products.
Good service thus far
good
people that i deal with are very knowledgeable very fast to respond.
alibaba is good
love it
Great savings and I trust this site
Trade assurance is very important.Will not buy without
some things on platform is not easy to use, like the message center
manejan buenos productos a muy buen precio , el unico inconveniente son los envios rapidos a mi pais , pero de ahi en fuera me encanta comprar en alibaba
Now is safer to buy with you, I really appreciatte your  protection .
My transaction went very smoothly
I would recommend this service because the feedback is quick and reliable.
will see..
Pretty organized service
because in it you find everything you need you don't have to go somewhere else
it has a lot of providers, manufacturers and a lot of variety that can basically make anything you need! the webpage is relatively simple to use!
It?s a must
Some  products come diferent
The suppliers put fake price on the website which is very misleading.
Very easy format, uncomplicated and reliable.
because is easy and fast for choose itens and easy paid
With trad assurance, you are guaranty the supplier will deliver your goods.
It was a really easy process and the prices are great
It is very odd that trade assurance does not auto calculate in your own currency after paid all transactions show USD prices. There should be a currency calculator attached with messenger also so when having a conversation, direct conversion is possible. I have come across so many suppliers who put MOQ as small in initial post and when you message them they say it's 300 we put that post as we provide sample small. I believe there should be better clarity - small but frequent buyers like me would want to contact suppliers that can manage our demands rather than wasting time with suppliers who have big MOQ
easy to Use the platform
I think some suppliers on Alibaba need to make
Good value.
seems to make purchases out UK Save
Always easy to use.
i bought a 3 d hifu machine. Alice Zhang. i told her Long time ago, the machine has no heat at working. costumuers an myself feel nothing. i think the machine does not work. i get no satisfied anwers of some Questions a had. please help me.thank you so muchbest regardsbi beauty by isabella BiglariMannheimGermany'Sandhofer Str. 29968307 Mannheim
Segurity for buy
The trade assurance is a joke. It leaves very little protection for the consumer. If I have an issue the vendor basically says no you don't and they win.
really good to work with .
good service!
ITS A GREAT PLACE TO GET THE YHINGS IM LOOKING FOR.
I would recommend Alibaba because It is easy to find products and suppliers.However it is very frustrating when suppliers do not respond to your cost enquiry, or take your order (and money) and then tell you that they do not have stock. Suppliers should not be allowed to take an order if they are unable to supply the goods.
Easy to use
It is very reliable and they have great support.
Very good prices but the shipping and shipping fees are what make the orders difficult. Also it is hard to have to pay for every item individually which means more shipping. I like to order a few different things from the same supplier but have to put in multiple orders and pay shipping on each when I wish I could order all at once and pay together.
el poco tiempo que llevo entrando a alibaba me han atendido correctamente
I would,because you can find anything you want
It's easy to find suppliers.  One issue is the language.  I've found it difficult to communicate.
bons produtos e um bom atendimento
Wide variety of good quality products at affordable prices
Securty due to all sorts of happenings during production/ transport
The website and cart interface is truly terrible, most sellers speak terrible english
simple, easy and convenient
Alibaba is uniq and I don't know any other wholesale platform better than alibaba
I totally find right quotes
I would recommend Alibaba because the items received were as advertised, very high quality, delivered on time, vendors were courteous and best of all the prices were great.
It's great, however, many manufacturers are located in China or Asia. The shipping takes weeks to arrive.
Very helpful and accomodating
There are some good manufacturers here and some that are not so good that send a sample that looks great and then once you purchase the larger order you don't get the same thing as the sample.On the other side, there are some good products that we've procured through manufacturers here.
very security
Porque es funcional.
its safe and easy in use
i can not commend now because my 4 different  items still not arrive in my said location and that was paid.
useful for serching the machine.There are some help from alibaba team.
Would recommend because it works...Wouldn't recommend to limit competition...
???? ??
Efficiente
Alibaba has better prices, the platform is intuitive and very easy to use.
Because there are many items that I do not know and whose suppliers could not assess the reliability
Would recommend because it works...Wouldn't recommend to limit competition...
Great place to help set up business
I can almost find anything i am looking for and
a shipment was created in my name but never exported but your system said now delivered.
vendors are all nice and helpful and even when something is not correct are able to help to fix it.  I only deal with those that will go through trade assurance and payment on alibaba...have had a vendor wanting payment outside the sit and I told them no....
c est rapide j ai re?u le paquet en 5 jours
Tiene más interés en vender que en información clara del producto. No he podido devolver un producto por no enviarme las instrucciones de devolución correcta.Tengo retenido un pago inicial por sustituir el artículo por otro recomendado por el  vendedor.
Hard to find motorparts to older cars.
I have made payments to the seller in two transactions and after the payments seller refused to send the products and raised the prices and ask for an extra 800 USD. I placed an order with details discussion which took at least one month to confirm everything with the seller.For applying for a refund I made the loss of exchange rate which is ?121.51.Nor Alibaba or nor the seller disburse my lost. I would ask who will be responsible for the loss. Who will pay that loss when I wasn't on fault.
No
Easy to work with
NA
I haven't used it properly yet
good
#NAME?
i am so happy that use alibaba
YES
choix
c
The system of payment sometimes fail
i did pay 2 times i did recibe 40 emails and messages way my god , i don,t recibe my earrings fleur de lys in gold  an in silver
1
no
I would recommend due to trade assurance.
Practical
great range of product excellent service
I will recommend it ,if I like something
Very Good Trade,Very good service and good product.Thank you
Sistema de reembolso falho primeira compra no site -110 USD
none
отличный сервис
easy to connect with supplier(s)
I do not want rivals!
high cost of payment
Allows you to purchase safely from suppliers which are unknown to you.
good qulaity and reply fast
Im recommending ALIBABA
For my last order, there was a dispute.  The company did not ship in time even though they had told me two weeks.  The squishes arrived late, and I was unable to sell them.  The Trade assurance did not even offer an apology and refused by request for refund.
I got no help at all. Received a battery without documentation or standard quality checks.Supplier is kin of garage actory obviously and finally recommended not to use the product. Alibaba does not check if the supply base is serious and trustworthy.Will create a warning in my youtube channel. End of the day I lost aprroximately 900$.I will definately not use Alibaba anymore - dissapointing. Please delete my customer asccount with all data!
It is very safe
the prices are one of the best i have ever seen and recommend.
N/A
the supplier was very professional. i could track my shipment at all times. connectivity and payment was easier.
GREAT CUSTMER SERVICES AND EASY TO ORDER.
good service
safe trading
Por que existe una amplia gama de opciones en productos, es difícil no encontrar productos
LA TIENDA POR APLICACI?N ES MUY BUENA EL PROBLEMA SON LOS VENDEDORES QUE TE ESTAFAN ENV?AN PRODUCTOS QUE NO CORRESPONDEN A LA DE LA DESCRIPCI?N DEL PEDIDO Y ESTOS HACEN DE ALIBABA UNA COMPRA INSEGURA Y DE DESCONFIANZA YA QUE LOS ENV?OS DEVUELTOS SON CAROS Y EL COMPRADOR NO PUEDE PAGAR TAN SOLO QUE QUED?RSELOS Y ESO HACE UN GRAN NEGOCIO PARA LOS CHINOS DE SUS PRODUCTOS QUE NO VENDEN ES UNA ESTAFA¨                        PENALIZAR
I would recommend Alibaba.com because it is so easy to find many suppliers. The communication is easy to do.
por su facil respuesta a problemas
you can find about any product you are looking for.
Was very easy to pay manufacturers in China for their sample products.
i not received my order long time ago, the seller not want to return my money. customer services never help me
since all my purchases have been very effective, and always guided by the guarantee
El servicio de Alibaba es bueno, pero el chat para hacer consultas, siempre es con robot, y asi no se puede consultar
lo recomiendo por la seguridad en los pagos, personalmente no recibí un producto y devolvieron la totalidad de mi pago! otros productos han llegado bien!
It is easy and professional.
Trustworthy and Easy
Your trade assurance is a joke. It doesn't cover anything and automatically assumes the sale went well when in fact it was a complete failure. I lost $3,000 to a scamming supplier and Alibaba would not even help me. The automated robot chat is also a joke. I hate this service along with the Alibaba service team because they are useless and I will never recommend it to any of my real friends.
Variety of innovative products and variety of suppliers to choose from
It has enormous potential
You find all kinds of merchandise, and the staff that works is very friendly
With garuntee payment is work pretty good for business
????
o dialogo com os vendedores é muito ruim, muitos n?o respondem outros n?o querem vender dentro do alibaba, querem que a gente entre nas lojas deles e fa?a a compra.
it's very easy to use and you have plenty of information about products and companies
rentability
I would not be buying anything without Trade Assurance - it gives me piece of mind knowing I have trade assurance as an option is things go wrong.
easy to use.
I would recommend alibaba.com service because it is easy to use
I like it
Алибаба хорошая торговая площадка! Рекомендую!
Reason not recommended.1. All shipping methods for small items are subject to high shipping costs such as Fedex and DHL. If you are via Aliexpress, you will be sent via China Post for free or very cheap.I want the buyer to be able to select the shipping method.2. We want you to be able to apply for purchase in Japanese.3. I want to have inventory in Japan and shorten the delivery period.All products do not need to be in stock, but representative products that want to expand sales should be stocked in Japan.4). Next, I would like to express a very strong demand for special products.
???? ????.
had a few orders, no problems thusfar
I DONT KNOW
Excellent
I am pleased with how professional, safe, and robust the platform and services are.
Simply good service, clear and very useful in case of problems.
I recommend trade assurance as its the best way for both parties to be covered for poor quality products.
Great place for anyone who wants to get a headstart on a business Wonderful Site!
good job
Very useful platform.
Super quick response and very helpful.
None
Stock is excellent and the wholesale prices are better than Ebay, and I have never been scammed. Vendor accountability system is better than all others including Amazon. Product variety is as good as excellent. Would recommend it to anyone looking to start their own business, it is the only option for business owners.Trade assurance orders are a bit difficult and the mobile app UX needs to be simplified, but there is nothing to complain about.
I really recommend it!
It's great because of TA and as simple as that.
Sitio seguro, variedad de proveedores
because it works easy and simple process
I recommend Alibaba, because is a good plataform of buy differents productos of china the good quality, and good price, and its very easy to user.
I would recommend it because it is a very quiet air pump and light weight for small tanks. If only it is strong for a bigger size tank.
i got skimmed and alibaba help is just useless.
excellent service
There is a big problem of delivery about the reman items that i have ordered. and the sellers dos not answer anymore!!!More, the quality of some items are very bad and the minimum quantity to order of some items are too much to buy.The suppliers must think about those that are starting that canot by 200or 50 pices when only starting.
safe
sim. bom site confian?a
No issues with Alibaba specifically however we have found it difficult using suppliers in China and will try and source more local wholesalers if possible.  If this is not possible we will continue to use Alibaba as a link and would recommend on this basis
N/A
In the event of a dispute, I think Alibaba would have to make a tempestuous decision according to its terms and conditions, but then even the side that is not responsible would lose money.  In the opinion of someone who is using this service from overseas, I don't want to use a market where I may lose money even though it is not my fault. I'm still in dispute with one manufacturer, but they look like a fraud.  The existence of dishonest manufacturers is a gamble for users, so I cannot easily recommend them to my friends and acquaintances.
For my first order communication was excellent and delivery and quality of goods exactly as purchased.
the trust
dont have reason
I spoke to one of your sellers about what I wanted, an 8 camera surveillance system, she the sent me an invoice which I paid.  However, when I received the item it only had 4 cameras.  When I raised a dispute I was told that they wouldn't give me a partial refund as I should have told them when I received my invoice however, the invoice I received, which I have already submitted to you, says 8 cameras - NOT 4.     I therefore, escalated my case with Alibaba who did not uphold my claim.  However, I don't think that they realised I just paid on the invoice I received, it was the sellers error not mine.  The invoice they provided showing 4 cameras was produced after I raised my claim and was not the one they sent me during the order process, this was the first time that I had seen it.    I don't think its fair that I am being asked to pay for their mistake, I am only asking for a partial refund of $150.00 which is the cost of purchasing 4 more cameras.
I recommend as it gives me piece of mind when sending money overseas
I love the security involved because it is very difficult to loose money
Trade assurance is necessary to trust on supplier
order payment gets declined after 2 transactions and card verification process is very complex
Very good
Heard alot of dispute went against buyers instead due to the fact that sellers are the one paying alibaba not the buyers so there are biased towards alibaba decision in who wins a dispute even with valid reason spelt out in the contract.
I would say I use the feature to filter search results. I just got a bought samples and received display units that have the wrong type of electricity plug. The supplier told me to go buy adapters...I made sure to go through Trade Assurance but now I have to deal with that process or pay for new samples.   The process of ordering needs to be changed. Both parties involved should have input data to finalize a deal.
They whole process was easy - and the goods arrived sooner than expected.  I would 100% recommend buying from them
can protect my rights
I would recommend.
Effortless, and all Complete by itself.
Mentioned above, I didn't like that the shipping they messaged me was not the same as the shipping posted on page.
Alibabba is a First Rate company that I am glad to be associated with. Thank you very much.
I think trade assurance is useless.  I had a order delivered from a suppkler - and all 200 machines had electrical problem and smoking.   I tell them in 1 week when i find out, and i ask for refund in week 2 after delivery.  My customers send many video and picture, i send to my supplier and trade assurance. Supplier said i was lying. - but i had many video's and i send many requests for help. trade assurance extended 3 times - no negotiation, no help. and i provided 9 pages of documents and many video's and photo's. Trade insurance did not mediate or do anything, just declined my request.
see above
In the end I received my order. I understand that there are currently world wide distribution problems.
satisfaying experience
The price is acceptable
Because it's secure
safe
None
I am just startin business with sellers. HAve not received products yet
Im still waiting for my supplier to tell me what is going on
the evidence of dispute process is only using alibaba messenge. in fact, the alibaba message is not working well. many sellers or buyers try to discuss through another apps like wechat.  Hope discussion between sellers and buyers using another app like wechat can be used as evidence for dispute process.  thank you
refunding is too complicated and very bad customer service
I reccommend Trade Insurance because is a very important part of an order.
Payment failed 3 times using 2 different cards with several hours between first and last attempt to pay.  Alibaba has obviously failed to adapt to the new security standard imposed by the credit card companies.
Secure way to make purchases from other countries
it's great to be covered in case of any issues with suppliers.
No reason so far that I could think of. As long as it protects proper buyers from irresponsible suppliers then all is well.
Site is half in english half in russian.
no i cant
Placing orders is often complicated and confusing. Companies have the same item up in multiple ways or don't include all of the varieties making it hard to track down what was ordered, especially colors.
example:  You ordering yellow coq-10 the picture shows yellow coq-10 but you receive reddish orange they don't honor the fact that you were misled with the photo and you are stuck with product. I live in the USA and to ship back 5 or 10 kg of product is very expensive. I see no fairness in the dispute area. They should have to advertise exactly what the picture of product is in hand. The customer goes through hell and back even though you show wrong product as advertised and what the consumer receive. That is false advertising a product that they actually don't have on hand. Then when you dispute it. Your account gets canceled. Not fair to the consumer. The consumer has no cushion or support to fall back on. You guys need to double down on your sellers to advertise what they are actually sending. Thank You!!!
On the contrary I totally  recomend a trade assurance. This is our most important waranty.
I recommend Trade Assurance because is the way you are sure your transaction is safe.
Thank you for your exelent service
I would recommend because:  - holds seller accountable for goods -improves quality control -made me feel confident in purchasing
Very serious
It seems to work well, although I didn't have any issues so can't comment on dispute resolutions.
I will ,because of quick response
it is better than ordering off of DHL
Pricing is great and Sales person is wonderful Sunny Zhao
very good
payment process is terrible
Vendors do not always give the whole truth or accurate information when trying to order. How does the dispute or refund process work when they deliver inferior quality goods or goods that aren't the size they say they are.
Because you don t control your sellers
I would recommend it because it ensures the buyers' safety and also the seller's safety. Therefore it is a win win situation for both parties. Especially based on my experience when a seller did not deliver the goods I was able to get a full refund which some websites don't offer. So I am satisficed with the service.
Yo o recomendariA AL 100%, porque con mi experiencia vivida con Alibaba hami. sido muy buena y positiva para
maybe you can do somenthing with commissions for credit card, it's really important for operation over 3000 usd.
I used e-checking and it was very convenient for a long time with my other account. Then I opened this new account and e-checkinh is no longer available. This is a dramatic decrease in the whole payment experience for me.
saftey and easy process .
Your employees should appear customers not those who sell through this website. I think it would have been more correct not to have this department that deals with disputes and to inform customers that those who sell through the platform are verified. Thanks to the solutions given by your employees, many people in Europe have come to hate this platform.
I don't know why I can't make my payments by credit card in Puerto Rico. Is very hard to go the bank and the process of TT is so long that is a little disappointed.
safe
Everything was as described
Half the goods received are defective (have marks on them making them unsellable). The supplier is not refunding, and Trade assist is not assisting me further with receiving a refund. Order number: 54962163501023445
I would not buy without trade assurance - it is too hard to identify reputable sellers.
The Trade insurance is very good and give us more confidence.
I've had a very positive experience with Alibaba and its connected manufacturers/suppliers. Ever person I've encountered has been extremely helpful and thoughtful during the recent Holidays. The only issue I've ran into is figuring out the ocean express information. I'd like more detailed information, I'm not finding answers to some questions I have.
Great Service
It is useless. Lots of talking and talking but nothing from your side. I sent proofs about the problem, I demonstarted the supplier accepted their fault, but that?s it! Nothing else, no refund, not products exchange, and what is worst, you deleted my claim.
I would recommend it if you are able to use it.
Expired after 15 days and I still don't have my item about 40 days later.
All Alibada price incorrect, All Alibaba suppliers shipping prices incorrect Most Alibaba  suppliers are lairs Most Alibaba suppliers are not honest to deal with.  No way to improve as i can see it over the last 15 years
Easy to find the supplier's.
none
I would HIGHLY recommend Trade Assurance Service, because if you don't use it, you will more than likely get ripped off.
i love
Because you offer no protection from cheating suppliers. Your dispute process is long and a waste of time, it is completely weighted in favor of your Chinese suppliers. You do not offer any real protection, the supplier is in control it is up to them to agree or decide to accept the terms of the claim. You also allow the supplier to cheat customers when they place an order they do not have to honor that order and can cancel anytime, your words are "we cannot make a supplier trade" you can allow them to take our money and waste our time and then cheat us for the transaction fees and bank charges. The whole Alibaba platform is a cheat, only now I know about this. if I had known before your company supports dishonest suppliers then i would never use it. I would never recommend anyone to use Alibaba. In fact I have shared my experiences with many people who also agree, ALIBABA is Chinese and Chinese only protect and support Chinese!
very high transaction charges. credit card payment seems to be lost as you purchase further items
was great experience
dont have any.
me da seguridad
it's essential to protect products.
None this is working for the clients how ever partial and full payment should be clear.
Process is completely unfair without transparency, my dispute was concluded without even a partial refund or return, I provided all photos and facts of broken components and product not meeting the specifications agreed on Trade Assurance, but my case was closed regardless. No compensation no, all in favor of supplier and I was not given any explanation. I had no choice but to seek my money from my credit card company. I was under the impression that Trade Assurance was there to mediate and hold accountability to the parties, but I was very wrong, zero accountability.
Without discuss sending product. The last time I received diodes and the biggest price for delivery. Even 4 time.I do not like this very much.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it helps provide some protection and accountability.
Very easy service to use.
Never got my order that I ordered from them.
Since the pandemic, I have been ordering masks and mask supplies. I have had nothing but problems with the suppliers. They advertise one size, and they send you another size. I cannot even count on my fingers how many times this has happened. From my point of view, I cannot see that Alibaba or Alibaba Express cares about this. I haven't even opened cases on them, as it takes too long to resolve, and most likely will not resolve in my favor. I have boxes of masks that were supposed to be for children, but were shipped to me in adult sizes. I will lose money on these purchases. The customer service of these suppliers is horrible. They just stop responding to you. see below
customer service is so very prompt and very helpful
After years of trading thru Alibaba, I am yet to be disappointed
very good
i would high recommended using Trade Assurance Service because it is safer. All orders is covered by insurance. Any lost ordered item is covered.
Its good
becasue i have a very legit reason for being refunded partially for my order. the order was short-so i was over charged. my hats were made too small. my hooded sweatshirts were made too small and not to the cut of the samples provided
Trade insurance is imperative to us doing business with Chinese factories  thanks
Payment is very hard on your site. My bank flipps every time I do a transaction with you!
Peace of mind
is verry cool and safe
It's easy and transparant. I feel safe.
Is not ok in some cases
Excellent product
It's simple
Obtaining a vendor that can provide the specific requested product can be very cumbersome. Most vendors tell you that they have the product available, but then they try to sell you something different.
scammers
it should ask if the shipment is in or not before sending the funds to the seller.
it works OK. issues with website. makes feel uncertain messages are received or orders are received.
It is not easy to understand or use.
kkh
TRADE ASSURANCE, I DID NOT COVER MY PURCHASE GUARANTEE ALL THE TIME, IT IS IN FAVOR OF THE SELLER AND NOT THE BUYER. I WAS SCAMMED THROUGH THIS PLATFORM AND NOBODY DOES ANYTHING I HAVE NO WHERE TO COMPLAIN I DO NOT RECOMMEND FOR ANYTHING TO MAKE THE PURCHASE THROUGH THIS MEANS AND EVERYTHING THAT THE FALSE COMMERCIAL GUARANTEE OFFERS YOU.
Just check the chat history in the dispute case and you will see why. The Trade Assurance Team response is slow and unprofessional. Just simply copy and paste the same answer over and over and refresh the waiting period of 5 business days.
no reason
trade assurance help our company to retake money
I highly recommend Trade Assurance because you can order products without the worry of internet fraud.
Seller input a wrong tracking number, until this moment I not receive item
none
I've had no issues with delivery.
Highly efficient
I would recommend for good performance
I recommend trade assurance service for all purchase
very easy and safe to use
i have a good experimental with them
No.
IT IS SAFETY and assurance
no reason
Trade Assurance Service seems great, I have not had any trouble till now. However it is not as tight as other services like ebay and amazon. For example, I was expected to pay $100 to a company for some shipping expenses, but the charge was put as an ebike kit like there couldnt be an option to pay shipping.
good
i will recommend trade assurance because it's a way to secure transactions and help them to be transparent enough
Completely safe and effective
Trade assurance  made me have confidence in order from China factory.
It is not applicable in my country? (EGYPT)
You're dispute process is very biased towards the Chinese manufacturer. Very little chance to win a dispute. Because Manufacturer set forth unreachable level of proof and dispute center is not knowledgeable enough to realize that the Manufacturer is full of shit. Hence the customer lose. In the past, I went in dispute because I claimed that the part I was sold were not new. It turns out that not only the parts were not new, they were all defective. So, the manufacturer won the dispute and they are still selling garbage to the world! Thanks for your fair dispute process.
yes
A letter was received from the alibabf.com where it was reported that I did not confirm the sending and receiving of the parcel. the shipment has been completed and the order has been closed.  How can I confirm the shipment? The dispatch is made by the seller and not the buyer.  I still have not received the package and do not know how to open a dispute.
The dispute policy does not ensure delivery of remedial solution from supplier. Once a decision is made not to refund by Alibaba, the supplier will have no motivation to fulfil any remedial solutions and does not respond to further communication from the customer.  It is very bad as suppliers such as these will tarnish Alibaba's platform.  Alibaba dispute team must have legal background and ensure no loss is suffered by the customers. Original contracts cannot be any changed especially to prices  and any remedial solution must be satisfied before the supplier can be relinquish of their responsibilities on the contracted agreement.  I hope Alibaba will review their solution processes to ensure that customers do not suffer losses.
Love the Trade Assurance concept...protection for buyers. But, it would be good to have coupons to offset fees put on by Alibaba, for first few orders, especially if business is new.  Also, the app needs more work. Sometimes latest messages on chats are not visible and I'm often signed out.
i recommend.
higly professional
I would recommend it to be protected all the time
Easy to use and navigate
I will recommend any friend to use the Trade Assurance because it makes the transaction safe for every one, the buyer and the seller.
Good services
It is safe for our money transection
There is one (and I believe a lot of) supplier deliver rubbish, instead of quality products. Shenzhen Yago Technology Limited sold rubbish, and Alibaba did not fair to check.... I lost money...
it is safe to work with chinese suppliers
I love and trust Alibaba's Trade Assurance.  However, I had a really absurd experience a few days ago in Alibaba. I noticed that an employee at the manufacturer I was dealing with placed someone else's order in my account and was marked as shipped. The balance on the order was cleared on December 29th and I found it on January 2.   How could this happen? Can it be marked that anyone made an order at my counter and even delivered it without my consent? Can anyone control my Alibaba account? It's really funny and absurd. I solved it by making a refund case in Ali Baba, but the shock is still not erased.   My business partner wants to buy the product from a place other than Alibaba. Because we think your security is a mess.
n/a
N/A
Gives me peace of mind
no comment
Sellers may specify false product specifications and will be not responsible or taking partial responsibility for sending not what was ordered.  Ordering directly from the product page is extremely dangerous because the only way to get what I want is to communicate with sellers and clarify all specs and requirements.  The same company can be represented by multiple seller accounts.  Unclear sellers' pricing policy.
a lot of time to get an answer and sometimes it's negative
I have one refund as when I went to pay for the order it allowed me to pay and then said that that account had been deleted.  It shows on the app that the refund was completed but I have not had the refund show up yet on my credit card which is quite concerning
-
I have an order now sitting in Sydney Port from December 7th and Customs say they are waiting for your seller to email them all paperwork? everyday i can never get a straight answer from your seller while my stock is still not delivered. I paid fro delivery to my door? No paperwork no answers and very unprofessional.  The next one i purchased a mobile phone and told the seller 1000 times it's for Vodafone Australian network and guess what i doesn't work in Australia and they don't want it back lol I have to pay for shipping both ways and continue to lose money with all Alibaba China sellers.
You closed this order before I even received the item. I am having issues now and the seller is not very responsive.
i dont recommend because when you need a support for a disoute, take more than 1 month and dont solve anything, and i have send a lot of evidence
you do nothing to protect sellers
lo recomiendo por las garantias que ofrece alibaba, y por el cumplimiento profecional de sus comerciantes.
Trade Assurance provides peace of mind when working with vendors in other countries by confirming goods are received before releasing funds.
It is difficult to answer but personally so far i am satisfied with Trade Assurance Services and I will recommend to my family and friends.I have never had any issues with this service
As a result of trade assurance the suppler couldn't tamper with my order  my payment went through successfully without dispute .
The only issues I are that the payment systems sometimes does not work. It will give error messages saying "declined" which leave the supplier and I with having to figure out other payment options.
Never recieved my order.
BAD!
I MADE A PURSHASE BY MISTAKE AND I COULDNT GET IT BACK, BECAUSE THRES NO OPTION TO DO IT.
Trade assurance is great and that is the reason why i would recommend it every time.
I would recommend for secure online transactions.
Everything is ok
best security
easy of use
I wont recommend Trade Assurance Service because it doesn't fulfil it's named obligation. The product was not delivered and the trader automatically receives payment whether or not delivered after a period of 30 days
Haven't enough experience with it yet
i find it a little unclear to understsand
Good
I recommend it because it is reliable and safe
Trade Assurance is a scam. It does not protect your purchase. I was shorted twice and denied a refund. I will not purchase from anybody new ever again.
Payments are not adequately protected. When suppliers do not supply goods or supply faulty goods there is almost ZERO protection for the buyer.
Alibaba makes it so difficult to get refund. Alibaba asked me to open 100 units of items one by one and make a video of it and send it to them. They later said that the video is too big and they cannot open it. Then eventually offered me a $50 refund which was nowhere close to my initial payment amount. It was the worst experience and since that day I do not order large quantities from Alibaba but small amounts only. I have also started looking for suppliers outside Alibaba.
Great value equation.
SOME OF MY LAPTOPS I FOUND ISSUES AFTER 2 MOTNHS 6 7 LAPTOPS WERE HAD ISSUES !! FROM 15!
You find a variety of products
We find placing orders via Alibaba very difficult to communicate.
Makes the process smoother
Gives me more confidence that I will receive my package and I like that I get to see the inside of the companies making the product, gives me a better sense that employees are being treated well
Its safe
One of the reason i would recommend Trade Assurance is because it has be tested and assured
i do payments plus shipping and then I find the seller don't want to ship because the shipping value isn't right and then I lose the transfer fees amount. I hope you can upgrade this service without losing money.
It doesn't seem to be consistent or fair or timely.
the order took about one month to arrive, it was a sample that was supposed to arrive in 10 days
There are no reasons, until now I have had a great experience
we strongly recommend trade assurance service.
Extra security
Shipping price to Israel makes the order not worth it.
It's easy to use.
It is nothing but a fraud. It was my first order, I placed order based on quotation from seller and snapshots showed by seller on their websites. When I received items those were completely different than what seller showed. I opened a dispute at Alibaba, they took around a month asking proof. I provided all the photos which were clearly showing that items showed and received were complete different and seller did not even responded to one question after receiving the payment. Instead of helping me Alibaba closed the case without specifying any reason. If this goes on an on Alibaba will be finished soon.
i would not recommend for trade secret purpose reason.
PLEASE MONITOR THE SHIPPING AND DELIVERY BY SELLERS TOO
I recommend you because Quick answers to inquiries and simple settlement steps make it easy to purchase products.
Generally system works just one bad experience with last order.
Great information and easy to use
This is good because it gives protection to the two parties...The down side is the fees are too high...
One instance in settling a dispute, we decided to give the manufacturer additional time to help settle the dispute. In that time our trade assurance closed and the manufacturer never settled the dispute with us as they shipped items that were unusable.
Just peace of mind
is safe
Have had a great experience!
Hard to log in
The person who attended my dispute did not analyze my case, and that a replica seller will come to continue selling on the Alibaba platform
I haven't had an issue with an order, so I am assuming it works.
I will highly recommend Trade Assurance Service
the quality and the job was bad experience
i would recommend
secure transaction and 30days product warranty
been working for me so far
the supplier speak very little english, and i order and not proceed directly... then many of them they dont send to cyprus if is small order
Safety and security
I would recommend because it made me feel at peace about paying for goods online
-
I would recommend it because you are protected however the payment method is complicated it won't accept my credit card at times.
High transaction fee.
All of my contact suppliers are the best in the business.
The process guarantees you safety of your transaction
It is good
No
n/a
Safe and secure
dont know much about it.
I will never recommend Trade Assurance Service to anyone because when sellers send out fake or incorrect product, you side with them even after providing proof.
yes i recomend
so far everything has been working out excellent.
Alibaba dispute team does not communication or live up to any of their stated promises. I have a dispute open since 11/6. 11 contacts with customer service but zero communication from the dispute team. As a business owner, this is embarrassing.
it protects your payments until the goods are received
I would recommend the trade assurance service to reduce risk when dealing with new sellers.
The trade assurance helps me to feel confident about my purchases and has made them quick and simple.
Now my last few things i wanted to buy they will not do a alibaba contract they want to do whatsapp ,and only bank transfere or money gram its all a scam now ,I just bought a few things before dec and they did it the right way ,It is taking forever to get it because of covid but at least they did a alibaba trade contract
i need to be confident im not being scamed
it makes the transaction safer
Allows businesses to purchase merchandise knowing that they will receive it, or that their money is secure.
I never receive the product. It. Was sent to another address. I can not fill correctly the command . I can not ask for refund. The system doesn,t work well
Friendly and efficient
recomend
mainly because trademanager is often very slow - and often it is very difficult to log in
Definitely having the Trade Assurance Service provide us with ease of mind during order.
So far I have had a very good experience with Alibaba. As a new business I would have appreciated Alibaba to give some more tips and tricks in order to find the exact product you're looking for since once you post an RFQ then manufacturers and trading companies bomb you with messages.  Otherwise, your question about trade assurance, have to say it was a perfect service that I would 100% recommend
Because there is no trade assurance.   You release funds to the seller many weeks before the goods even arrive.
I have no reason not to recommend
Some goods not match my key words but it shows on my computer
I have raised a complaint for my order 57750906001023734 as it was not received (apparently damaged in transit) I have raised a claim and it was closed without consideration. who do i contact to resolve this as I want to make a claim.
It works and everyone is getting used to it
N/A
DOES NOT APPLY
Trade assurance gives me peace of mind in doing business with Alibaba.
Feel safe that my payment is being made securely, and I have a way to resolve issues.
Having to deal with virtual customer service with language issue. It seems that there is a virtual translator and the answers provided are nonsensical.
The customer isn't being protected
alibaba is a good for marketing Any business model and good for international trades
Secure method
good pricies
there are no reasons why it wouldn't be recommended.
very good service
Is a very good service
BECAUSE I PAYED A PRODUCT AND THEY SENT ME ANOTHER
I have not had a problem with it.
I will not recomend because it does not assure anything as I personally esperienced. If it works at a reasonable value it would be an EXCELENT facilitator.
na
Trade insurance does not work. The supplier provided false certificates and refuses to accept evidence for material lab probes proving wrong materials of the goods. Trade insurance accepted supplier position and bailed out.
very efficient.
It is the safest option.
Some sellers tell me Shipping will take 5-7 days then it takes 14 days (probably because they chose a slow service to save money) and I don't get my money back. This happens time and time again. I have a deadline to meet and some sellers cannot hold to that deadline and then Alibaba does nothing about it.
I wouldn't recommend alibaba at all to anyone because your trade assurance doesn't refund full amount paid.  you keep the credit card transaction fee which is ridiculous because why should i pay a cent for something that i never received.  I will be recommending DH Gate to people because i've have a more positive experience using that platform.
I would recommend trade assurance to anyone that is opening their own business. Thus so far I'm satisfied with what I've done and whom I've got in contact with so far.
There is no reason to do that. I am happy with everything.
System automatically updates an order as received even though it's not
I would recommend it as it is a very useful tool
constant to upload information when i uploaded loads with video proof, you need to have a webchat team
I paid the invoice amount. WHy am I having to pay more money
I would recommend trade assurance
Safe and reliable
It is a waste of money. Clear refund case was lost due to subjective approach to seller.
NA
I would recommend because they are very helpful, respond fast and have excellent quality pieces.
alibaba is the best canal to buy in Asia
It simply doesn't work, you guys don't listen to your clients.
The only problem i have is supplies are marking orders as closed without client input and then you release their money. Even when I have not received my products
Same suppliers, providing same product- no new innovatif products or new services
my app is troubling me for more than 2 months, no action taken despite my complaints sellers are rude , block for no reason, cannot understand you properly , do not respond timely, charges very high for samples and shipping trade assurance charges are very high, buyer cannot afford and hits his profitability badly. it should not be more than 2% Sellers charge from you what alibaba charges them ,that way we pay double charges further lowers our profits
Suppiers do often add the wrong shipping label, so I can not see where my package is. By doing this they can stall time, so Alibaba doesn't see that there products are not actually shipped. Currently I am still waiting after more then 2 months, to ship.  But the label says alreay delivered.
Gives you confidence to place orders.
I'd recommend it, it's a good safety blanket for us as a business, our trusted suppliers are great, but we are left exposed when using new suppliers. We had a bad experience when using a new supplier who provided us with very very bad quality equipment which were for another brand - but they just burnt off the logos.
It is pointless because the judgements are not fair and the suppliers are dishonest.
It is easy to handle, and there is always a good overview about the different steps
Trade assurance should assure the trade. Not only for China side. It should protect buyer. In out case we have invested a lot to launch our product before holiday season. We have especially agreed with seller to certain delivery date. We have it included in the contract. Even it is in the contract trade assurance did not accept our request also not offered any solution. It really sucks! Zero reliablity on our side
very unprofessional seller and alibaba.com support team, seller  lie to us and Alibaba.com team support him.  we contacted seller before placing the order and he assure that we will receive the item 10 days after full payment is credited. he keep changing the delivery date every time we contact him  bottom line almost 2 month pass and we haven't receive the product if you do not want to be scammed or your money be stolen do not order through this seller or alibaba.com. there is not warranty or protection on this called "trade assurance service" the customers buyers we are on our own when using your service. never again scammers
nothing
It is easy and satisfied trade so we like .
easy to interact with the supplier
good
They have very competitives prices!
the work is really of quality. the seller's attention is very good. From the first moment I create a professional and trustworthy environment, thank you.
Good reference to use
safe transactions to guard your money
Great Service
I RECOMMEND,  THIS IS THE WAY TO BE SURE THE SUPPLIER DO THE THING RIGHT, BUT MUST BE FOR MORE TIME,  BECAUSE THE SHIPPING TO THE  FINAL CUSTOMER COUNTRY, SOME TIME GET LONGER TO RECIVE THE GODS
i recommend for good engine of finding.  But I also recommend ,, to be aware that alibaba assurance is not good, and always protect chinese sellers not buyer,
Trade assurance give us the stability and comfortability in business especially startup business
very good
It gives me the confidence to explore the many resources on the Alibaba.com platform.
Have contact with orientations for chat true not virtual. Chat virtual is not complet and fail. The virtual chat  is terrible for solution of problems.
The customer service did not even seem to understand the problem, even though it was explained many times and the exact Trade Asurance rule that was broken was referenced.
In my opinion trade services does not work with the buyer. If the buyer is unsatisfied you basically have to work with the seller to work out a dispute.  I am very unhappy with the whole process. If the seller knows that they have sent out a product that does not meet quality standards then refund or send new product if its damage.  These sellers don't want to take responsibility for damaged or misleading products. Trade assurance should work on behave of the buyer to make sure they are getting what they paid for.
Not fair for buyers
Never had any problems at all
It takes the worry of not getting what I ordered away.  The seller does not want a bad review so he will  send what he advertises and the quality is as good as promised.
love the services and the companies i order from
Easy to handle process and puts reliability on both parties
it ensures your product delivery and quality
It helps to build assurance and confidence between customers and sellers
I've spent 60/70 euros of tax for pay by alibaba, to protect me in case of scams, but I think I've wasted them
none
No
secure transaction
no
-
na
is very good
good and fast communication
qownful
You are safe with your business dealings with Trade Assurance at your back.
Befor using Trade assurance I had a supplier that dissapeard with 3000$ I free-payed and i never saw the goods or the money- with trade assurance those things doesn't happen!
1
pretty straight forward. just need to be sure about supplier ratings.
I would recommend to use Trade assurance service. It is convenient and order guarantee.
i would trade assurance bcz it will be very safe for our payment as  a buyer
Never received my shipment but never got any refund either
I'll recommend coz of speedy delivery, ease of ordering and assurance that you get what you paid for.
You don't care about the customers you onw look after your own.
because is safer to buy from trade assurance i guess.
Very professional
There is no protection for buyer. If buyer is not satisfied with purchase, should they not be able to return product to seller? It is however alibaba's policy to determine weather or not that is an option.
The  feature is complicated to follow.
I would surely recommend Trade Assurance Service because it gives peace of mind for business and to be sure that the goods customer is getting is up to standard quality.
very safe and fast
it is ok now
It?s very important to make me safety on transactions overseas
I heared it from my friend
it is good trade assurance, warranty
Very Accurate and fast!
I would always recommend Trade Assurance Service due to the fact that it avoids scams.
Very nice supplier and good service ，items very well
helps a lot to contact factories, good communication
It can still be improved
Will never use Alibaba again! The Trade Assurance Sucks!
Credit card purchases need to be raised
limited time to report problems in big orders
offers me a guarantee on my purchases
Very convenient, payment security, communication, tracking order and shipment
I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the product.
nothing more to say as it is a very good service.
More guidance and tracking availability is required
Unclear shipment updates
Would recommend it for the security of purchases.
I was told 2-4 days delivery.  It took 4 weeks to get my samples.  I also received an additional shipping bill from FedEx.
recomendaría porque tienen un seguro hasta que el producto llega a destino.
Peace of Mind.
would recommend the trade assurance service, since we make sure in the fulfillment of the transaction
I like the concept and idea, but thankfully I have not had to use it yet. Perhaps it helps companies stay honest and do the right thing so there is not a claim.
ok
I would recommend trade assurance because I am sure my money will not be lost.
I will
Shipping costs are too high from many sellers. Despite asking for slower but cheaper shipping rather than air freight, many companies say that they can only use expensive air freight. Not sure why.
Very hard to talk to sellers and  order. Need specific knowledge to order what I really need.  Need to know English language.
NA
I expect it to increase security level
we easy find my target products. thanks
very trusted
extremly secure and reliable
it is the only inshurance to get the money back and to be safe to get the order
i would recommend because it is safe to both the seller and the buyer
Trade Assurance on Alibaba gives me a great peace of mind! With Trade Assurance in place, I know I will not be scammed shopping here.
satisfied with the service and search engine
Complicated
its efficient, fast and secure
N/A
Trade Assurance Service give me to trust my supplier
It's more secured
Smooth and seamless. No site changes, all handled on the site.
good service
No
the fees are high
It works great.
it is safe to deal and worry free as long as Alibaba insure the business
It is safe, and pay fast, the supplier get the money fast
good service,good quality
I have only used Trade Assurance Service a couple of times without trouble. I would like to have more experience before I offer any recommendation
I don't really understand what it is exactly
safest way to make business
I highly recommend for safety
As far as companies I've worked with, both have been very nice, responsive, and extremely helpful when I had questions. I have already recommended Alibaba to plenty of my friends! :)
It's biased towards the seller. You need to protect the buyers, when the sellers rip them off! I have had sellers run off with $3,000 and alibaba did nothing!
I would recommend.
It is safe and easy to understand
My experience: I have drafted an order in April 2020 and I paid on 04/02/2020, the seller sent me short order, when I disputed, the system said, this order was completed in 10/22/2019, and when I saw that, I was shocked, I complained several times but nobody helped me, eventually I lost that money. For more details you can call me.
sometime very unfair trade
I would recommend trade assurance service due to  the growing scam issues,
horrible system
I recommend for safety
The only reason i wouldnt recommend is the PERCENTAGE that is being charged extra if i take trade assurance... it should be lowered.. currently the charges are high
I have lost money dealing with other suppliers.  I feel confident with you.
Trade Assurance from Alibaba is the essential reason I do business with China.
reliability
Easy to use and communicate with the sellers. Variety of products
I think it is a super idea, it more easy and safe to do business with new suppliers this way.
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it is useful when there is a dispute or any other issues with the order.
Quality and money are guaranteed
I would recommend Trade Assurance because of the advantages that it protects your money and if you are not satisfied with the product you are able to get refund. The only downside is the time it takes to deliver and sometime the cost that comes with shipping.
Good for choosing and then asking and negotiating with the vendor
Give you a feeling of security.
very helpful
No Comments
i bought an item from alibaba and paid throug alibaba but the dispute team didnt help me when I told them that I received damaged items with still valid warrenty!!
is very safe
I had a brilliant experience ordering from Ali
.
N/A
I am still waiting for the first delivery of good bought using Alibaba. Delivery time extension shoulld be an option to take before asking for the Assurance Service.
Excellent customer experience
Conflict resolution by Alibaba team is in favour of the seller and disadvantaged to the buyer.
N/A
You claim to have "Trade Assurance" where a deposit that was made via Alibaba based on the assurance language in your trade assurance will protect the buyer and the deposit. We had a dispute with a factory where we made large deposit relying solely on your trade assurance, The factory failed to meet its obligation of delivery date, Passing independent inspections and failed to deliver the machine we had ordered. We filed a dispute with Alibaba and our claim was denied and we were told to settle the claim with the factory which already had our money and refused to deliver the machine we had ordered and was forcing us to to take different machine. We offered solutions and they refused. so now they have our money for almost 5 months and we ended up buying machines from a different factory.
Le vendeur accepte sont erreur mais ne donne pas de réponse.
have not had to claim with it yet
Comfort of knowing my purchase is protected.
good security for buyers as well as sellers
The system sides with the seller even though the seller is at fault
n/a
no reason
no reason for now
Fine
im just a beginner so i still studying whats th used of this appliction
You should fix chatting system
Very convenient and fast transafer. This makes us trust each other.
All good!
Very quick, safe and cost reduce.
Because I bought a good product here, Now I am ready to order with my supplier again
Convenient
I wouldn't.
Safe payment environment.
Alibaba purchases products.Very convenient.
work graet i dont have problem recently
Ease of doing business and the level of professionalism displayed by sellers on Alibaba
Convenient access and efficient order proces
It gives the user some security at the moment of paying for products.
Was quick and easy for both parties.
its great to use when you dont know the supplier your trading with.
I have not used it.
3/5 tracking details in trade assurance are valid. So in case of drop shipping you and your customer are both in darkness about the package. You are provided with different tracking other than the one in trade assurance.
No
The platform is hard to navigate
This is a very promising business venture for me yes I would mostly keep you a secret unless there is something in it for me but rest assure that I have a good opportunity with doing business with you and I will be doing business with you a lot thank you and peace to all.
Its new for me lake of experience
I have been ordering since 3 years from several companies at Alibaba and the service is always good. Of course some companies doesnt react as fast and secure as others but that an options to choose or not to choose. The workers from companies i do business with are allways very friendly and doing their job good
it takes way way to long
N/A
N/A
I work with Zhenzhen jihong Tecnologies  and ai am happy with then, friendly,  responsible and I like their prices
I satisfied because it will save rights of both buyer& seller. I have a problem with the sellers who refused to make trade assurance through Alibaba, where I can't  report them .
Before everything ok.But not i got message payment trade assurnce link is not secured
the decision result was unfair and  was not able to get a refund for a faulty product. No buyer protection
We like Alibaba, everything is very professional.
ok
Simple & secure.
is fast and clear
I dont see any
disputed order closes if we cant reply within 2-3 days.
its secure
Convenient platforms for retailers all over the world to purchase bulk orders
Gives you confidence on the platform, and make it trustworthy
because if you r receive a bad quality goods the money will be gone on the air
slow on shipping  also high shipping prices
You are no longer trusted
Realability
The dispute process is very unclear and the quiry goes straight to the seller.  If you are unsatisfied with the seller you should be able to take it above them to get an issue resolved.  Instead you have to deal with the unhelpful seller before you can escalate the issue.  Shipping should never take 3 months to receive  but the seller kept saying its with in the agreed shipping time.  I NEVER agreed to 3 months.   Another order I received by air from the same supplier was the wrong products.  I was made to feel like I was lying about it.  When I showed pictures she said it was from a different supplier.  She is the only supplier I've dealt with.  Then she came back and said it was from her.  I sent photos of all the wrong colours of product I was sent and she told me her packer/ shipper confirmed they packed the correct colours, so I was stuck with all the wrong colours to try and sell.  I will not deal with this supplier again!!
i'm not even sure what trade assurance is. didn't seem like I had a choice
Good communication between sellers and fast shipping , excellent prices
I would recommend Trade Assurance because of guarantee for buyers is available
The response time and service was fantastic, highly recommend.
No
Trade assurance gives  me peace of mind. Some sellers want me to pay direct to avoid alibi fees but I do not like this
I  recommen because ir more security to persons.
We are a trading company so in order to protect the role of a middle person , we are likely not to recommend this site to our customers.
no,I think this is a good choice
Some vendors shipping price is too much money.
no. service provides accountability
I would recommend based on the history I have had with Alibaba's Trade Assurance. Overall, I have received all my orders since 2016. However, as mentioned above, there needs to be more feedback with the progress of the order.
I mean it been fine so far. the only issue is that company tell you one lead time and them after you pay it changes which is very annoying.
Haven't used it
merci
I prefer paying through bank transfer and I feel like it isn't as safe but the other fees are just too expensive.
its safer way to buy from sellers that you don't know , so with trade assurance , your money in safe place
Peace of mind
very professional and dependable
n/a
No need to fix anything
do not apply
Great service all the way around!
not uderstand what is it for
Great ordering process, plenty of communication and quality products!
will not recommend because supplier tells you is $15.- Trade assurance charge, they charge you that and when I checkout in Trade Assurance another $20.- that is $35.- Dollars paying Trade Assurance 15 to the supplier and 20 to Alibaba Trade assurance
Yes, I would recommend it but it would be important to have more information about the shipping options
Not trustworthy and Alibaba's dispute system protects the scam seller. The dispute is a waste of time.
Trade assurance services should have a system in place to sto vendors to upload false shipping information and tracking numbers. I am close to loose my business in the US waiting on 2 shipments that has never ship while vendors are assuring me over a month later that i will receive it in couple of days
I would to make sure you do not get scammed
Security and follow up from Alibaba. keeping all transaction in one place. Easy to follow
Terrible customer service, my seller has been the worse and when i applied for an order refund Alibaba wasn't helpful at all, the outcome was to try and negotiate with my seller, which was nothing because I applied for the refund because my seller wasn't being helpful at all. I will never order anything from alibaba again. TERRIBLE
Simple to deal with. No hassle.
We made payment to seller but he did mistake and give us euro account and we send money but alibaba told us, it was wrong account number.  We still did not get money back.  Best Regards
Excellent service. very good deal.Estamos muy contentos con la compra.
Transaction fees make me confident to buy but sometimes it is too high and not worth to buy.
no
It is safe and easy to use
Horrible experience with the seller delaying shipping orders for up to a month (and still haven't shipped some items over a month later), providing tracking numbers that don't work for weeks and no communication that there will be delays. I require far greater transparency for the whole process.
Don't have yet
Extra insurance in case you need it.
its look like Alibaba take favor of suppliers not buyers . i didn't received my samples delivery for 20 days and Alibaba ask me to wait for more days. i spend money
good view
I would, it depends on the person
The website is easy to use and the payment is a breeze.
GOOD
None
I am currently in a dispute due to receiving products that i did not order. I order bulk after receiving a sample i loved and when i got the bulk order it was not the same. It was completely different fabric and colour. When disputed i am now required to pay return shipping for the sellers mistake which is not fair and i will make sure all my fellow business owners know about this issue with proof.
It's garbage.
none, this makes business safe
trade assuarance secures the buyers money i recommend it
very easy for both myself and supplier
It is common known on the internet and especially on youtube that the Trade insurance is only there to provide a false sense of security. In the end, the buyer will never get refunded no matter how good the evidence are. Or only get a very small insignificant refund. In fact many people claims that trade insurance itself is a scam.  This is really something you need to work on, if you want to re establish the credibility of the trade insurance system
I would recommend for global businesses
positive points - Selection of products, ease of ordering, multiple venders
Very satisfied
i don't understand it
I love trade assurance! It definitely gives me comfort and security with my purchases. Thank you for having it!
I would recommend. My first and last order was delivered as scheduled. Great with following up on any questions I had and  I received exact items I needed.
Trade Assurance was very easy for us to keep track of orders, payments, and shipping times.
Not sure if it is Trade assurance or sellers handling of order when changed.
Good and convenient service. Peace of mind.
regarding the paiement, the one made to CHASE bank singapore, delay alot.  besides that citi bank singapore is fine .
Gives peace of mind
Not take the dispute seriously. they sent my order to other state(other part of the USA) instead of my own address. although the tracking said it is delivered but it is not MY ADDRESS.
Hope the operation is simple and convenient
Because your money is secure
very simple and fast delivery
PONTUALIT GOOD QUALIT PRODUCTS
\Don't need
Information is always available and up to date
If the overall service gets better, perhaps I would recommend
Would recommend, because if you have a problem the Alibaba team responds really quickly and helps solve the problem. Also it gives more assurance/safety when ordering.
yes
It's very simple to use once you understand how it works. I also feel very safe and secure using it.
it's useless. better not to buy in China
я сделал 3 заказа на сайте, все оплатил, ни один из них не отправил мне товар!!!!!!
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR SUPPLIERS ALL THE TIME MANY NEVER DEAL INSIDE ALIBABA BUT DRASTICALLY ASKED YOU TO TALK BUSINESS OUTSIDE THE APP.
would recommend because a third party is involved and the sellers are dependent on their reviews. In case of a problem with the order, there is a leverage. In my opinion it is best when it is combined with an inspection. We had a (quality) problem with a product from a vendor which saw a resolution only when the issue was addressed via Alibaba Trade assurance service.
I do not know this service very well because your site is very confused, especially when you do not speak English very well.
Transportation provider stole money from me, I always try to make myself pay more, I make up all kinds of excuses to charge me more.
I would always utilise a service that allowed for protection of the purchaser and fair terms for the supplier.
I have not received my order, neither the seller nor the carrier take charge. I don't know what to do, I'm desperate, the purchase was quite expensive, I feel cheated.
it  does
It was easy and the manufacturer has a good service
I was asking for address to third party inspection, but later on you guys decided to extend a week for new samples. Samples came only on 5 glasses, out of all 11, but also broken glass. no etching, no box. and in the end youve decided to close my claim, really? This is the way to do business?
There is no live help.
NO RECOMIENDO TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE  YO DEPOSITAR MI CONFIANZA EN EL SISTEMA  DE ALIBABA Y NO HABER REEMBOLSO CON LOS 50 AUDIFONOS INPODS 12  YO PERDI DINERO
I have provided Alibaba with and extensive evidence of the diamond and certificate being fraudulent and still seems like Alibaba maybe leaning they're on the sellers side. is this because Alibaba wants to keep my trade assurance money? I'm very confused as I've talked to my lawyer and showed him everything and he said I should be getting a full refund based off the evidence.
It is the best way to protect your interest.
I do recommend it because through the platform we can negotiate safely
ok
So far is fine, but the messenger for us to communicate with supplier is very slow and lag, hopefully Alibaba can improve on it.
The suppliers are not giving a good price. They are hesitant to give estimate costing for our testing especially shipping costs. Some suppliers not giving discounts on large quantities. there should be a table to show the quantity order and their prices discounted.
It is an excellent Trade Assurance Service since you have the peace of mind that your money will be safe
Disputed order for defective and wrong material products, trade insurance did not redund my money
n/a
I don?t have any reason
zI think it is very safe and makes me feel better when sending money overseas.
yes i have not receive my order yet and i cant get any information
Peace of mind for quality goods delivery will recommend
I would like to recommend it since Trade Assurance Service provide very high reliability for the payment process.
I would recommend Trade Assurance due to is an insurance of the purchase coming directly from Alibaba.
definitely WOULD recommend because it serves as protection both to seller and buyer
n/a
disputes and customer services is not very helpful
Language barrier
I am very satisfied with the service I have received.  I like the quality of the product and the working agents in China!  VERY TRUSTWORTHY!
IS CONFIDENT
High price of shipping.
.
no
-
I got fooled by a supplier. The goods were in bad conditions and I am Having many problems to get a patial refund. The customer service should defend more the customers
I haven't used it enough.
perfect work of the supplier, good service
I would recommend Trade Assurance for proven safety and assurance.
the verified badge is the only way ill work with a manufacturer. and so far no issues at all
I would recommend trade assurance due to the fact it server as an escrow to both seller and buyer
Trade Assurance did not work. I provided video and picture of defective material several times, but they acted like I did not send anything.
yes, add a customer and provider review so we all can see what other clients have experienced with an specific provider
security
cheap prices, fast delivery and good quality
Do business with Alibaba platform is simple, fast and most important the assurance of each transactions
good prices and service
The only thing i would recommend is that alibaba should make it more easier to contact you, as i cannot see any email or ways to reach alibaba customer service.
order is delayed for more than 2 weeks, still don't know when i am going to get the order know. when i approach to alibaba trade assurance, they turned down my request without even bother to ask. what is going on. i firmly believe they only care about the supplier not the buyer. very disappointed.
easy to transact, safe transactions
Shipping is too high for me to pay and the vendor won't ship out until 12-13-20 when i paid 11-18-20
make trades pretty simple
The suppliers technical spec and price is not a correct.
ok
just a really great service
Large choice of suppliers, easy contact and easy to follow up with suppliers, security payement.
Contact with the supplier.  Suppliers proposin making business out of Alibaba.
very easy transaction and communication is okay
none
Trade Assurance is good, because it protects the customer Interest very well.
No reason behind this, if they are need for this platform, they will find it.  If they ask for advice, I would tell them most companies here cant talk English fluently.
It increase delivery of goods very much.
I can find what I need with the best prices, buying and paying very fast, and receiving very fast.
Honesty, no worry about paying, but not receiving.
Very garanted
I needed to dispute a purchase and I found that the service gave no information on my rights and how I could have one the dispute, or if I was entitled to taking the dispute further.  The generic information provided made me think that I had to accept my suppliers bad resolution or else I would have lost my money and I was too scared to risk my money to take the dispute further like I should have. It feels like alibaba is on the side of the suppliers who get away with dodgy practices and I have lost my faith in this service and would not recommend it.
i dont receive my order before the cancelation
All orders that I have placed through Alibaba have been smooth and I found my main supplier on here and she is absolutely amazing as are her design team.
it just force buyer to accept or agree with seller offer on the dispute.
very satisfied  thanks for attention
I like to recommend.It saves me time looking for other products.
its very safe, and easy to use
Great for sourcing but if sample could be provided free to serious enquires that would be amazing
n/a
Love it because it protects both seller and buyer.
Fast service, no problems
No, because its a simple easy system. Very fast and convenient too!
The solution is really unfair. t
Good service, works fine.
I would recommend as it gives me peace of mind.
This is very similar system with Letter of Credit provided by Banks but much lower charges. Indeed, the process is more simpler than L/C. I can expedite buying activities under high trustworthiness.
Process can be easy with the right help.
imcomplete refund
I have not been dealt fairly.
ya sweet
1
you can fin almost everything you need to inventory and shipping
This service is very good for putting my concerns aside for dealing with China-based suppliers, especially working with them remotely (overseas).
it was good service. good communication.
i would recommend trade assurance cause they are on it very dependable and very customer friendly and they know the product they sell thank u a++++++
i think the shipping costsare not fair regluated, some products are send in 1 package buit still seperatte shipping kosts is charged, or the shipping costfor big weight is less then for small weight
I have had great experience on alibaba although responses can be slower due to going back and forth with vendors.
You never agree with the buyer
The shipment process for orders is very very slow. I but a smartphone (Order No 56611318501029396) from 7 October 2020 and upto now i have not receive it.
I'm not really using it properly because I don't live where the merchandise arrives and I can't check it on time.
I would recommend Alibaba to others because it is reliable, fast and efficient.
n/a
Very fast services and excellent comunication
I opened a dispute and they did not accept it. I will summarize it: I requested the shipment by DHL to a shipping company, I provided all the information measures and weight they gave me a cost, when the product arrived in their hands they increased the shipping cost, after so much discussion they sent it by fedex. I arrived in Peru and had to pay more because they didn't pay for everything in China. The last straw !!! I always ask for shipping in DHL ALWAYS !!! If you buy a red shirt and they give you yellow so you claim, the seller seems to be right, incredible!
alibaba is a good app for everything and the shipping is fast
I send an inquiry before a month to customer service, there is no reply still.
great business
Trade assurance gives us a peace of mind when ordering.
theyre great
Make it clear to customers of taxes are included or not. We got an additional invoice from DHL for taxes, which w quite annoying.
too many variations in shipping
My order should have it in few days but the shipment take more than 12 days and yet not received my order
here things are not going well, you trust a seller more than someone who buys. I had a huge deal with a dishonest seller, he sold me an illegal scooter and told me it was legal with all the papers. as soon as I arrived I took a ride, the police stopped me and confiscated the scooter as illegal I opened the refund by demonstrating the seizure document and the problem but nothing was resolved this is not good other platforms take care of much more 'buyer
I would, It's help for contact with supplier.
ITS ONE OF THE BEST WAY TO ENSURE AGREEMENT ON PRODUCT AND SERVICES.
El precio barato y tiempo de envio.
I feel safe, so, I would recommend Trade Assurance Service.
It is worthless! I was scammed by  a company after ordering a rather large batch. All was fine and good until that batch came, which i paid thousands of dollars for, and it was completely worthless. I lost all my customer base, and in addition i got no money back from trade assurance. I was just denied, i could not prove anything. How can I prove it when I can't send it back? you wont trust my word. How much evidence do you need?
Have helped me really grow in my business
very quickly and easy
pease of mind
alibaba never monitor and inspect supplier QC process, Alibaba must audit these non qualify supplier to supply best quality products.
It doesn't work. The process is difficult and takes too long time. Most of your processes are not for european companys.
shipping updates are not provided.  I get notification that order is on its way after delivery. very frustrating
its not clear that how it insure the match between what the supplier claim ( specs side ) and what rely we receive , from my previous experience it dose not match
reliable, safe, wide array of products
Alibaba is user friendly and easy to navigate
Very professional and more especially the supplier who is supplying me the spare parts Yiwu Jochuang Auto Parts Co., Ltd. Contact Name: Abner Zheng   Registered company address: CN,Zhejiang,Jinhua,Room 302, Unit 1, Building 33, Qiancheng Community, Jiangdong Street, Yiwu Company Tel: 86-0579-85930217 Company Email: jochuang@aliyun.com
no
Easy to do business
Very poor customer support, no one to communicate in real-time when there are issues.
good job
because order receiving time is too short. i havent received my items yet due to 1 month shipping then the order is already received
Good to refund back for any issue on order transaction
good vendors
very safe
Payment makes too much errors
because alibaba decided to refund 200 usd to me but nothing reach to my account since 2 months and no one answer my frequent mails
I would recommend it strongly, because it assures suppliers and customers benefits!
Adela,  Provided excellent advice and service and I would highly recommend her to my friends and work colleagues. Highly recommended Colin Whalan Australia
Low product cost. Bulk wholesale merchandise. Branding.
very comn
..
garantia
i would recommend a trade assurance service because is safe
lo Recomendaría por la diversidad y amplitud de productos, pero no lo recomendaria ya que deben tomar mas medidas de aceleración y despacho del o de los productos, muchas veces los proveedores, se tardan mucho.
This is a right place for people who want to source stuffs for their business
fees are high
shipping is a little high, sometimes its had to get a good price margin because of it.
The invoice of products never match the actual product example   10 grey leather bags $500  invoice given   200 bags pu $500 different design  Suppliers are too lazy to load the real invoice and create based on this.
NA
It is secure and easy
Shipping takes too long
very safe and secure
The interface is too complex. Can be made simple.
I have made one purchase for my business. I have nothing negative to say other then this. I ordered 200 handblown glass jars for my business when they arrived 38 were broken. I have yet to contact them I am taking pictures and doing that as we speak.
In my dispute  Maggie the person handling it was very unprofessional and definitely one sided, not able to judge and have a impartial verdict,  she took way to long to resolve the problem  and was not fair on the final decision,  I will not recommend her or Alibaba to antibody else, problem after problem with vendors changing the agreed terms and conditions,  Very unsatisfied  on the poor judgement .
Everything was done in a timely, orderly manner. very good service and everything under one hat .
use assurance service
the available payment options
great easy to use
Not realy 100 procent trustable
I have not receive my order. I was assigned someone else's tracking number and told my order is complete when I have not received my order. No effort has been made to correct this. I have communicated this to the supplier, but they have not corrected this problem.
Security.
I paid $500 with 18 transaction fee. But supplier cancel that order and refund without transaction fee. Nothing to do for any fake supplier. replica is high volume in alibaba. not recommended  alibaba services farther more.
excellent sevice
Have a problem with a supplier for a deal paid and insured by Alibaba service.. The goods received are defected and not useable.. the supplier do not want to hear about... no simple way to get in contact with Alibaba services..
PRODUCT QUALITY AND GREAT PRICES
Good Service
Is working well.
We have found to trust what peolple do than what they say, YOU HAVE DONE GREAT!
I recommend Trade Assurance to the fullest extent... Great service...
i'd buy just once and i don't have it yet.
You allow your providers to scam people so Trade Assurance is not even a real thing. It just sounds good as you let them steal and never have to provide proof they did the order or tracking as far as they sent it. When they don't provide proof ir respond to the customer for over a month and never gives proof you did not refund so it proves you back a scam and this trade assurance is a scam to look good. NEVER WILL I USE YOU AGAIN BECAUSE YOU ALLOW FRAUD
because its impossible to contact a helpdeskservice normally ive had a few times problems with payment by trusty by alibaba(the same problem I have now at this moment also) I can only chat with a kind of robot which I don't understand and the chat don't understand me so evrytime I get the same answer and its very unclear what to do then and impossible to chat or call with a normal person, it doesn't gives a safe feeling not to can contact to somebody with problems, I've have at this moment again the same problem with the payment, I've paid the advantage and money is written of of my bank account but alibaba says still waiting for the payment and gives during the payment an error. its been the third time now this is happened and gives a lot of stress and makes me and my suppliers very nervous. for some reason there is no confirmation that my payment was succesfully and in my account should say that it is in working but it does not&gt;hope you can do anything about this problem
Some of the merchandise did not arrive! We were supposed tp receive 5 boxes however, 4 tracking numbers were issued! We are missing a quarter of our order. We contacted the supplier and UPS sadly we are turning in circles. This is not our first purchase with this supplier. We had minor quality issues not worth reporting.  Please help!
good
My three times ordering your customer service was AWESOME .  Delivery was on time
i requested a product refund from having recieved a broken product from a supplier. I was expecting a complete refund. the company was very uncoorporative and i my return has been cancelled. This is such bad business from the supplier and alibaba. i will think about using alibaba in the future.
all  is good
good
Because of the shipping is too expensive. Not worth it.
Yes, it is amazing, I like it very much !
I ordered eyelash extensions, the comunications was good, was eficient with delivery. All over service was good. The only I am not sutisfyed with the procuct. Lash extensions staring from 9mm shortest length when t is normal lenght for some peple. And the longest lenght is 20 mm, that is too much sorry. Maybe it is good for others customers but it is not suttible for my business.
i am sure on the safe sale side. my purcheses are always made with trade assurance
The companies are reluctant to ok orders that you request  in this format
Trusted site, important for worldwide ecommerce
It does not take into account that the mere reception in China is not a guarantee of satisfaction with the product of buyers in other countries. The security policy should extend until the moment the buyer actually receives the merchandise and can then certify that he got what the manufacturer offered him. A 20-day policy for merchandise that actually reaches the buyer 3 months later is not a guarantee.
Good machine and good service , have bought two machines already
efficiency
i received the goods as described
I feel safe knowing that Alibaba is trying to protect me from bad business people
Excelent
Large selection of suppliers to choose from.  Find the right company to give excellent service and good prices
Because it saves me from fraud and also having to pay for items that will never reach or being in bad shape
Fast, easy and reliable
easy to use
no
Trade Assurance service does not take into consideration the contractual agreement terms agreed between buyer and seller.
I have lost money through AliBaba before and although I was not happy with the resolution as it seemed more of a computer programme dealing with it. The company agreed to refund my money as they never supplied the goods but they never paid me. I have had no issue with Trade Assurance and all my business will be through this method. It is easy and there is some recourse if things do not work out. The businesses I have dealt with recently have had no problem using trade assurance.
safe
Very good suppliers.
Recommend because there are Good options. I don't recommend because most of suppliers like BFP cabinet makes is dishonest get the money. then dely the order fabrication for more that 5 weeks and then offer return money.   This is very big damage to our business and Alibaba assurance is not 100% helpful. I hope that helps
Good service.
Well my understanding is,  it protects the customer so that they get what they paid for... so it good to have... I have not experienced any issue so far so I do not have personal know how... how it works..
....
service not protect buyer
gfhgfhgfhgfh
There is favoritism towards chinese sellers. I presented pictures and clear evidence for the case and the responses seem from a robot. I wouldn't feel confident making a bulk huge transaction after that experience.
The security of your money in the transaction.
They failed me when I needed it, they benefited the scammer who sent me the merchandise when he wanted, out of time causing me great damage, because I had already asked another good supplier, but the insurance did not serve me at all.
not sure what trade assurance service is
great
Trade Assurance Service is a very good solution for transaction,
i recommend
good quality product
Very good service and professional, excellent performance robot.
-
I have had good experiences so far
can be my competitor.
it makes it safer to transact between buyer and seller with alibaba trade protection.
When ever there is dispute between Alibaba supplier and customer from another part of the word, Alibaba will always take the side of the supplier and refuse to look at the situation as is it.   You have to understand when customer from USA or Canada orders through Alibaba they are taking big risk of the shipment not getting to them or arriving damaged and plus Alibaba does not support the customer they only support the suppliers from China. This is not the way to win over the customers heart, this is a good way to lose customers.  Why would someone from North America take risk by ordering from Alibaba when when we can order from Amazon and have full guaranteed by Amazon no questions asked.
So far, I have loved it and it has been reasonable. Alibaba has rejected as well as approved different requests. My onlu issue in reccomending it is that the policiers change often and most times i find out from the suppliers (but in order to really know they are not misleading I dont have the resource).
I feel my investment is safe and secure as an American Customer, working with a large reputable Chinese Company.
friendly suppliers and cheapest price
Wouldn't want to share my supplier sources with my customers, who may try to order directly from suppliers on Alibaba.
Your site does not do enough to ensure scam artists remain off the platform. I constantly have businesses (some legitimate, some not) attempt to communicate on third party apps (email, whatsapp, other instant messaging platforms etc) instead of Alibaba messaging. A user star and satisfaction feedback system may help discourage scammers from your platform,
Very fast!
Actually, I ordered something and it was very poor and was not refunded so I was not happy about this.
The answear to the requests is too quick but the accuracy is not that perfect. In the end the product is what really matter.
N/A
I am unable to contact ALibaba for my refunds. Seller showed proof that they sent refund but I did not get the refund in my account
I have had a good experience with Alibaba.
The arguments and evidence provided would not necessarily taken into consideration, you could be forced to reach arrangement with the supplier that could be unfair. If the supplier is not honest, you could be in a very disadvantageous position. Therefore, there is not guaranteed that you will receive protection. Fortunately, in my case, the supplier was honest enough and appreciated my  business, and was willing to make up for the goods lost in transit and the various quality control issues the good purchased had.
Because the service is very safe
Well the protection you guys give the customer.
Great customer service
I always recommend TA due to past experience with suppliers.
No major issues with Alibaba so far
I need that what is bought and seen in the photo when buying comes the same size As seen in the photo since I bought some jewelry and bags and they were very small
many sellers dont answer the questions.
Since I, as a private person, only look for and buy articles for personal use here, the probability of a recommendation is not very high.
ease to use
It gives you the certainty that you do business with low risk. Nice feeling that alibaba use trade assurance for use as a customer!
Very easy to use, easy tracking, good UI.
The entire process was a waste of my time, the products I got weren't the ones I ordered, and I just overall had a horrible experience. This is the worst process ever.
It is very reassuring to know that you will get your money back, if the order not arrive in time, or if the order is not like described. It make it much more easy to trade, and keep the supplier to their best. Thanks.
Daisy Zeng sucks
Easy and good trading :)
i WOULD BECAUSE OF ITS EFFICIENCY
Because is a very trusted service
Makes me comfortable about my order
very easier and secured to use
peace of mind and helpful that after we happy with product that payment is released
Everything came as expected and it was a smooth transaction
the communication is great
security of money
i was not happy about the services i got. i bought sofas because i could not afford to pay for port charges, they took my 730 usd. They  told me that they are not going to refund me. the supplier said she is going to resell the sofas and also keep my 730 usd. the dispute team they dont care what i have to say or the evidence that i provide them with. they closed the dispute without talking to me or to her my proposal. im going to take this issue to the social media so that everyone must now how you treat your customers. i told the dispute team that my lawyer will be in touch.
I have never tried it yet
is good~
I would recomend
prices and quantities on the pages are different than what suppliers committed.
I still got no order but I paid and also no proof that the goods are sent
maybe if the fee is too high
Safe and convenient. Very easy to use.
It gives confidence in doing business with far east companies.
It helps a lot when it comes to the process and they have good service.
I haven't got problem
It's convinience and safe.
I have nothing to specify
nil
Peace of mind and a reliable service if something doesn't go well.
the trade assurance automatically marked as complete. The issue is still not resolved with the supplier.
It was a smooth safe and transparent transaction
Siempre que he recibido productos asegurados todo ha funcionado correctamente
it is safe and reliable
Always prompt service.  Godd at dispute resolution.
it's ok for me.
The handling fee is too high. The credit card cannot be paid. Platform is too rubbish
ok
Very straightforward and professional.
easy and save time
I do not recommend Alibaba Trade assurance because they do not take responsibility after 30 days of shipment. In this pandemic, shipping by sea takes much more than 30 days, and I wait because I know what is the situation in the world currently, but if I do not receive my product after 4 months Trade Assurance says they are not responsible anymore. I do not think this is professional. I will always prefer payment by my credit card  because my bank takes ALL the responsibilities if I do not receive the product and gets my money back immediately, so I dont have to wait so long to receive refund.
none
I don't feel that the resolution is met quick enough nor active support offered. I've had a pretty bad time with my vendor and I just want someone of authority to help me
Easy peasey!
Friends have had bad experiences with their overseas orders where the goods do not arrive, go missing, or are not the quality/quantity they ordered. Trade Assurance takes the risk away and is simple to use.
I would and do recommend Alibaba, and Trade Assurance, however I find the website very difficult to use and get confused and lost trying to source and buy what i need.
Suppliers are quick to reply and sell but hardly reply after the item has been shipped
trade assurance does not honor production date agreements. Trade assurance always favors the supplier. buyer does not have fair chance with dispute. trade assurance is only for sellers benefit. the buyer will always lose.
One wouldn't want one's competitors to know how one sources one's product.
Confidence
It's better to have some kind of assurance from the website.
Trade assurance let you to transact with securities
Delivery had not occurred before funds were released.
We had properly communicated our issue and the unsatisfactory work done by the manufacturer along with evidence. The trade assurance service disappointed us and let us down.
The unnecessary fees applied.
Disputes take too long and you always side with your suppliers and not the customers
i ordered graphics cards and paid via trade assurance .i never received my order and supplier is ignoring me order number is 54415351001023689
Spent $2,000 on an order 6 months ago and have not received anything. Did Trade Assurance do anything to help me? No
It gives me confidence to buy products online, without it, I wouldn't order anyting
Its good
really fast shipping and great prices
on time and quality is good
na
all ok
The only thing that bothers me is some vendors are misleading in their pricing.  They advertise low prices for an item than you click and find that the shipping is outrageous.  It makes it hard to trust.  Also I wish the shipping pricing was more transparent.  It's hard to know if you are getting a fair price when you cant actually see choices for shipping costs.
came on time, easy to order.
i like trade assrance but i want to know more what if the supplier sent my goods to forwarder and forwarder sent the goods to me and i recieved the goods after more than 30 days is trade assurance cover this ?
very nice quality and fast delivery
too slow
Guaranteed to receive product or your money back. This ensures peace of mind.
fine
MUY BUENO
because your service consolidate all my needs in one place. I also trust you.
Unfair ruling/decu
This service does nothing to protect the buyer and does everything to protect the seller. Because the system uses automation the sellers just input a bunch of fake documents to make it seem like they complied. This system is truly broken, if you want to increase trade and trust with trade assurance then you must protect the customer. There are far too many dishonest companies in china who take advantage of this failure in the trade assurance system. We have lost over $30,000 from this.
As I'm new I never used it. So I don't really know. I might have a case already. Then I can tell more.
Simple to use. Fast and secure.
It is critical; highly recommend.
Buying in bulk is great!
yes
the assurance expires and the package is not even close to arrive, is still in the other side of the planet, and with a high chance of losing the product and the money. I understand the reason is the pandemic event but BECAUSE OF THAT you should extend the protection for like 3 months or so, until the pandemic is gone
i think ..is very nice to  buy products.. but i really prefer if you send it by fedex....i recommend ..of course yes !
Excellent waranty
everything was positive: quotation, payment, shipment of samples, delivery of samples, samples as requested
Very well organized
I would recommend it because it is a good and trusted service
It covers only the purchasing and (timely-) supply of the ordered goods. Does not handle any warranty or quality disputes.
I made an order from alibaba and supplier didnt sent me the whole order.I mention to customer service as i did order and payment through alibaba but nothing happened.He didnt accept that he sent me less so the case closed.
I made an order from alibaba and supplier didnt sent me the whole order.I mention to customer service as i did order and payment through alibaba but nothing happened.He didnt accept that he sent me less so the case closed.
Bad service no support, laggy website and App, Even your email nobody answer !!
My complain is not agains Ali Baba but one specific supplier behavior that is not holding accountability for a poor quality product. As it was my main order so far, I am a bit concerned.
Protect buyer
Because I trained several times on trade and import secrets from Alibaba, and even trained hundreds of importing businessmen
One worr "convenience"
Service was great!
Attention time to service immediately, recommended
protect my money
Messenger is horrible. Very bad functionality, always glitches (desktop and in mobile app)
i have lost items and money
It gave us a peace of mind.
I didn't receive the refund. I still think that if there such service as trade assurance, there should be guarantie to protect the buyer rights on refund. Also I think that Alibaba should give the buyer neccesary check list that shows all conditions that should be fullfilled in case of refund.
I have been in a dispute for 3 weeks now with no resolution. My courier was delayed. more than 3 months, they are unable to tell me when or if my products will even arrive. My business was damaged, there was no solution and barely any reply from the customer service I lost my time and my money.
I would recommend it
it's OK
I would, because I feel good when paying with alibabapay
i would recommend a more secure payment option like a pin confirmation that must to send to customer phone to authorize the transaction.
serious
PRICES ARE NOT SAME AS SHOWN
nil
good service
I think its provides a certain level of assurance between vendors and buyers
this webcam have good resolution,have good quality,can competive with other brand.
Good for business
SORRY I DON'T KNOW
higher fees
Mostly good service. However not happy with one previous order, but because we paid direct to Company, sadly no recourse. Now company wont even answer messages.
Because its a very friendly platform with thousands of suppliers and very secure.
Conveneience
even with trade assurance, the suppliers who have offered 1 year warranty, such as Crown electric, they do not honour their promise. so maybe trade assurance should cover supplier warranty period, to prevent them from running away from their resposibilities.
I would recommend it, because I am assured that I would get my goods or my money back.
online payment option traders from india market is not available. Which is inconvenient to buy other products.
Would, because all that I buy, I recive whit no problem
It is a guarantee that you will not get ripped off.
Confidence knowing potential problems will be handled and resolved by a neutral third party.
Its good protection, for what it covers.
Excellent supplier willing to take the moment to make every order correct and legit, stands out from many in the professionalism they continue to uphold.  Excellent company and people; and I owe them much appreciation and many respects through our past relations. Appreciate you greatly and i have great respect still being in contct
The chat agent is useless, I opened a complaint against a seller but the dispute team closed not even attempting to read my complaint and want to help me.
2222
Great Platform
I have recommended some. Not everyone understands patience.
Because still after more than three months of having made the payment I do not receive a response from where the product is and because it has not yet arrived if they promised me it would arrive between 14 and 40 days .. then they send me a notification that I hope is on the way and that the delay is due to COVID'19, when I have been buying in other SITES from China and the products arrive long before the scheduled ... Ah but !! SURPRISE !! I received another communication congratulating me because I had already received the product ... They are irresponsible
I have made several purchases and all have worked out so far.
for your own safety and security regarding purchases
nothing
I,m very satisfied for Alibaba services. Thanks.
Your exchange rate and the commission very high.  If I remit payment thorough bank here, we can save big money.   Please remember that you exchange rate and the commission are not competitive...  So I only use your online payment service when the payment amount is very small.
safety and quickly
conventivent
very good
I must complete an order from this Trade Assurance Service platform and can let you know then.
A trade guarantee gives me peace of mind
gives peace of mind at all times, payment and shipping
because is very sure.
security
paid for order have not received  from Mr. Robin Zhu Company information Company Name Shaoxing Galactiq Technology Co., Ltd. 4YRS Basic information
Always helpful, I value very happy with alibaba's service.
I would not recommend it, since they always side with the seller, and I have never received a full refund even sending proof that my products were damaged and of poor quality.
this has been a great business resource for my company
User friendly
great service
i didm't receive a refound of my order that i didn't receive yet!
Es muy variado
I received email from alibaba saying my order was complete but I never received my shipment. Tracking states it's still in another country!
I had a very bad experience with a sample that I paid.
Recommended
It's obviously, money back warranty is the most important feature.
the best
make me feel safety in my shops
I will recommend AliBaba
QUALITY PRODUCE, AT COMPEDITIVE PRICE
Very easy to work with and the parts came in quickly
i would recommend i love the items and was shippe in a timely order
FOR THE PEACE OF MIND
because its been already a month and i still didn't receive my package plus UPS doesn't accept the receipt that Alibaba sent me
I placed an order and the supply never shipped the item, but the Trade Assurance system close the order and say it was complete.  But it is not complete!!!!  I never received the item, in fact, the item was never shipped which can be seen from the tracking info.
Items came as described and seller was very friendly and easy to work with.
I would recommend it because it supplies a feeling of security with your order.
excellent suppliers
You allow very very poor suppliers to rip their customers off and refuse to negotiate a reasonable settlement.
Great service.  Instant feedback.
NC
It is givining me safety
Good prices.
It made the transaction easy and optimized my experience.
Easy, good prices, efficient.
Two instances and both were not covered by trade assurance, loosing money for my company and not being covered is not good.
i would because nothing negative happened with the transaction.
tiene muy buen servicio no me puedo quejar de eso
No solution for shipping with orders. i have difficulties to get reasonable shipping fees.
sellers don't cooperate and alibaba makes claims too difficult.
Peace of mind that you will safely complete your transaction.
I recommend Trade Assurance service because it gives me the peace of mind that my money is safe while I am placing the order. But the service charges could be less to help buyer.
My order was placed 9/24/20, with 11/24/20 being the last day I can receive my order before the trade  assurance agreement expires. That is today. It seems as though I should have been given atleast a week AFTER when I was supposed to receive my order to place a claim.
Its very useful and gives one a sense of security
i would
I have worked well.
take to long to get product and I ordered some socks and paid now its just sitting here saying waiting on payment but its been taking off my debit card and i been wondering about why i havent got them
This gives me confident and secure transactions
It is great and safe
the suppliers want to constantly avoid using alibaba chat and alibaba payments.  they are playing dumb , when i insist on staying on alibaba.
Would definitely recommend Trade Assurance Service to protect product shipment.
The inventory is amazing and there are things that I never thought I would find at this site.
I would recommend it because I am extremely satisfied with the service
Difficult to set up orders, form is not translated well
shipment is too expensive
safe
Security and professional service.
Excellent service and suppliers so far !
It's very easy
Good product came on time
I was scammed by seller: Xiamen Yiyuansen Trading Co., Ltd. and the seller deceived me to say that we have resolved the issue and ended up not refunding me my USD155, instead was telling me that i cannot do anything about it. I need my money from this seller.   Details:  Trade Assurace Order Case No. 1006696945  Order No. 57245146501020915  Refundable amount USD 100.00  Paid amount USD 155.00
Display of the exact delivery and delivery period of the product It is reliable that it is maintained accurately. However, I think that the behavior of selling defective products of some companies is a part to be corrected.
because the arrival date could not guarantee. It depend by the seller delivery date, it could be noysing if you have payed for the service.
so far no error in all my orders
I don't always seem to get alerts and have to search for updates.
Apparently I have been scammed and the order was automatically reflected as delivered, and it has not given me the option of refund or open a dispute, it is 2,500 dollars, there are no contact numbers to act in time with the scammers.
It is very hard to make report for claims.
easy to find supplier
Each time I have problems after receiving items, Alibaba don?t agree with documented facts
easy safe and secure
I have never personally needed it
I would recommend it because it guarantee safety once its failed am assured of refund of my money.
Everything on the one place, easy to find suppliers
due to the fact that i am satisfied i would recommend trade assurance service
Easy to do for a small customer like I am
no
It provides a extra level of protection for not a lot of money.
I was blocked with no reason, had no explanations why. Never done anything wrong, but no one listened. Very dissatisfied because I had to leave all my suppliers and look other ways to shop with them. It is my business and it is very important to have reliable platform to use and I was kicked out from it. Although I would recommend it to other people, because it is very easy to use and never had any other problems.
Its Secure & Safe
SI JE A JE MIRE
It gives more security
good
The charges are too hefty.
We had problem with selled who sell us the old and wrong inventory of the product where we contacted trade assurance they did not do anything about it. and i am out of $2150.00 This is just worse experience so i will never buy any product from Alibaba any more. its just Roberry.
Apart from the issue of trade assurance, I suggest having the option of manufactures when searching for a product
Trade Assurance is fake. you will try to help. not not real. you side with seller and take no action even with proof. you like reasons why claim was denied that did not have anything to do with the claim. I was right as the buyer and now I dont want to order from  you anymore, and I am going to use twitter to trend what you do.
I attempted to settle a TA issue and it seems it is biased toward the seller.
Because the service was fine to me. My order arrive good, in time.
Right now I have been scammed, they send me a Mi 10 Pro M2001J1C, (XIaomi Phone), which does not have any permission (no FCC ID, Brings a false CMIIT.) to be able to be distributed, which is why it has been Renetino in customs , the seller denies me the refund of the money
I would recommended this because it's more easy to use. Hoping for more improvements on this platform.
it can offer 100% fund guarantee.It is one reliable working table.
Secure
For peace of mind especially in dealing with a new vendor for the first time.
I would recommend because I feel safer using Trade Assurance
It easy and friendly
you favour fraudulent and unethical sellers over buyers. i will never use trade assurance again. i pay via my own bank instead.
HAD TERRIBLE ISSUES WITH SOME SUPPLIERS , REFUNDS TAKE TOO LONG TO PROCESS AND HAVE TO MUCH REPETITIVNESS. AND THIERS NO BUY NOW PAY LATER CREDIT ACCOUNT OPTION FOR NEW SMALL BUSINESSES , WHICH  WOULD HELP ME OUT A LOT EVEN IF IT WAS A SMALL CREDIT TO START .
The price is slightly higher than other platform but we can discuss about quality and incomplete product issue here.
We are confident to make a payment to the company that we don't know before
fee is too high
Gives confidence when ordering
been working with them for ages and have never had a bad experience
it provides a secure business trade for both parties
It's very serious
It is bullshit.
For one of my orders, it automatically decided the trade was delivered when it wasn't!!!! It should instead have sent me a message saying that the system believed the trade was delivered, and give me an option to say that it wasn't yet delivered.
Because you have safety of your payments
it's not clear, there are a lot of confusion everywhere. Prices are put lower than reality, so product price is between 1$ and 5$ and if you ask then at minimum the real cost is 7$ in this way you must ask a lot of quotation and this is not useful.  There is a lot of confusion with type of shipping
CONFUSED
I recently had an order where the manufacturer was required to make treadmills with american 110v plugs.  They sent me chinese plugs instead, and the mediation is doing nothing about it.  I am contractually owed $3500 in goods from Alibaba that I am not receiving.
I find the trade assurance the number one item that gave myself the confidence to order from Alibaba. As there are a lot of dodgy companies out there. I found on you web site a supplier from Europe that did not offer this service and requested bank transfer of funds, or money wire of funds . I then found another listing with same looking site page. Something was not right so I did not order. Now I can't even find this seller on your site but another has popped up from same country.  I would only shop with the Trade assurance companies , these companies are backed by Alibaba.
I would because you avoid people being scammed.
Encuentro todo barato.
Everything is good. Nothing to change.
Safe shopping for business
I would recommend it to a certain extent as long as the person knows the terms whether its pre shipment assurance or post shipment. I lost $10,000 because a supplier sent me bad product and it wasn't post shipment assurance.
good service
high charges when paying with credit card. For this reason I pay via SEPA credit transfer, which is a bit slower.
secure transaction and strict follow up
Trade Assurance provides safety and security to the buyer and in case of returns, exchanges or any defects in the product. Possibly any errors in shipping costs and damages to product.
honest traders
Simple, Good service, Good quality.
Give you the confidence to make some purchases from other countries.
when i made a claim they were only sticking up for the seller they didn't help me they weren't on my side
it gives you more confidence
good customer service
We received the order. All right! Very beautiful, great quality.
I would its good piece of mind
Excellent in the relationship with the client, always available and helpful in solving any problem. I recommend !!!
Difficulty using Alibaba Payment Terms
I'm running into shipping errors and charges because I was not notified my package was stuck at customs.
The chat system is broken and difficult to navigate. The sorting feature is buggy, there is no logic to the way it's laid out. Requesting quotes from many suppliers makes it a nightmare to organize (making us want to use email instead, which you tell us NOT to do).
It took to long to you have an investigation and up to know, no body have communicated with me and the situation is not solved yet. Only the supplier is been taking care of this situation but in some point the supplier was not able to response with the guaranty, they was mentioning that was not responsibility.
To be safe, to be protected as a buyer.
I shop comfortably because there is commercial security
I am still awaiting any response from Alibaba worker regarding one of my refund applications.
1 I bought 200 socks, in the description it was written 100% cotton, when the socks came, I found that it was 100% synthetic, but the problem is even more that the thickness is like a mesh, the black socks on the leg shine through (I did not win a dispute , it was even difficult to open) 2 commissions are large for transfers by card visa 3 prices could be slightly lower
If something really major goes wrong, you will always back the domestic company not the purchaser. Sounds bias but the truth hurts.. ALIBABA has never ruled in my favor in any trade irregularities..
Wasn't really happy with the quality of what I have ordered.
N/A
It minimizes risks of getting scammed
none
reliable service
none
I am unable to pay with my credit card or bank account. I've made several complaints. This is very inconvenient.
All transactions on Alibaba are guaranteed to be refunded, however there is a filter from Alibaba which is very important.
Site is hard to navigate and search results by key word are poor.
None
Not Applicable
I find 99% of the suppliers very honest and easy to work with. I also find the site very user friendly and easy to find every thing.
Because the most of my people not trusting the online trade winches inverse in my vision.
The machine we brought was broken and no engineers to train our crew.
I have had a good experience so far
item is not as discussed and supplier sent us completely different item.
no reason at this time
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service for there follow-up with regards to the paymnets and other finaicial sercvces. But for the good quality, I will not rcommend. Trade Assurance Service should consider evaluating the goods that customers are recieving as well as the payment.
Insurance always needed.
I had confidence in transaction insurance but I am deeply disappointed. The trial was not impartial and favored the producer. The judge is of the same nationality as the producer which led to an unequal judgment. did not protect the buyer against defects, poor quality or against non-compliant items or products. The products we bought were not new, although we wanted them to be new. The products were already used and the quality of the materials as well as the products themselves was execrable.
Security, efficiency
trade assurance is useless, when ever there is a problem with the items/product send by Seller. if they are faulty as a buyer I never get any protection. Alibaba Always give favours to its sellers, buyers has no protections at all.   Its just useless service, has cosmetic effects only. to  make it more effective it has to be more than 30 days periods. Here seller by them self complete the orders without the knowledge of buyers.  hence buyers unable to claim anything.
It is impossible to talk with an alibaba customer service.
I payed for glutathione injection with vitamin c. After a few weeks I received an email notifying me that my money will be refunded. The amount was SOUTH AFRCAN RANDS 756.00 and that was to be in my bank in two weeks. This is now 6 weeks I am waiting for that refund. Every time I enquire I am referred to the slimming injection witch has been shipped.
Just works as expected.
all ok
xxx
It gives to the buyer a feeling to be always safe.
It secures purchase
Easy interface
Communications can sometimes be a little tricky, but overall most suppliers are helpful and professional
none
recommended
In case of conflict, there is a tendency to make seller-oriented decisions and judgements.
Transaction fee is a bit expensive
easy for contact
Whole prices are good but no too much accessibly and some customer rep do not respond
I trust the service and appreciate the level of professionalism I've encountered.
Trade assurance makes it easier to trust while placing order
have more time for reviewing the products. trade assurance gives me confidence on buying in alibaba but the review period is expiring and some sellers have bad after sales support.
I have never received my order No. 52595859501026535 since September.
Good service work
perfect
Customer Service is very poor, I have contacted agents in past and they do not speak properly
Sometimes it is complicated to contact the support and to receive an answer. Also it is complicated and takes a lot of time to get a refund. If the supplier does not agree to the refund it is nearly impossible to receive it.
It is very nice
Makes you feel safe and protected when placing an order
one time I lost my request, and alibaba dosn't help me
100% Guarantee
We haven't had to use it, but we will rely on it if need be!
I dont know how to make effective trade assurance
Lots of company's to pick from.
I love the services and will love to recommend to others
I recommend because it gives us security and confidence that our money is safe
Safest way to guarantee your product will arrive on time and as described.
I would recommend it because it gives an extra protection when you a dealing with a business you have never used- especially an international one.
Automatic tagging and grouping for messages and favourites.  Accurate MOQ and pricing.
i would strongly recommendTrade Assurance Service.indeed it protects buyer from dishonnest supplier
Good first experience.
It is useless with my bad experience with two orders I received 85% faulty products. Order No 1 : 50847335501026756 Order No 2 :  48318755001026756 I have supplied full video bit late and denied and gone against me and stopped thinking of dealing bigger projects
Shipping cost to high, communication is very poor, responds are very poor Phone calls never answers and many other issues
Security to have it
service sogood
easy to use. requires you and supplier to have a set shipment date after purchase.
responsibility and punctuality
Customer service is below average. Alibaba Trade Assurance does not provide any recourse if the deadline passes. Communication is hard and complicated.
Too much delivery fees...
I WOULD RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE YOU HAVE A HIGHLIGHT WITH THE PAGE IF YOU HAVE ANY PROBLEM WITH THE PRODUCT
Yall got everything
sempre seguro !!!!!!!
Seguridad en los negocios.
Dropshipping too expensive.
I recommend to have an option whereas the shipping time must be counted from the initial agreed payment and not from the full balance once received.
My ONE experience ordering through Alibaba has been such a positive one, I cannot recommend it enough. Lily Ma of Wenzhou Hong Stationery Co. has just been the best advocate and so patient with me as I negotiate my first purchase through Alibaba. It's a custom product and I'm over the moon happy with my sample. I can't wait to see the items in my shop.
It released the funds before I have received it without notification that I needed to do something.... WTF
Feels secure!
Takes the risk out of an overseas purchase.
Good service but not had any reason as yet to make a claim.
The only thing, I?ll wish  is that you are just send an invoice and that i do not have to ask for it
I can trust the service
its so helpfull
Alibaba's guarantee.
It is very difficult to contact Alibaba customer service.
It is supplier friendly and not buyer friendly
I like the variety of products. The prices are good. The security of money is good. But there are big problems in delivery and shipping, reliability problems and problems of quality.
Trade Assurance has not enough time and no information before releasing the money to the seller, with the result that the items have not arrived yet but the possibility of a complaint is no more given.
Product bought resontly are defective
Your website links open new windows, so you end up with a dozen windows open. Your app is very glitchy. Sometimes notifications take hours, sometimes they pop up but the messages don't update, then you have to reboot the app on iphone.
Trade Assurance Service would be more extense because it is very short the time it covers. I am  in America and the assurance is over and my goods still have arrived.
nil
one of the best...Thanks
good
Security
I wouldn't do to shipping cost
great service and protection for payment
No comments
Works well, gives customers the confidence to buy
My goods not arrive yet but the shipment has been completed ?????
I ordered a few pieces of machinery in the past. All was ok.
safety for the customer
If there is a problem I can request a refund
Shipping Charge is too high
Trading companies do not provide high quality products and there is no way to tell that is not a factory
Its really highly recommended.
Your services are awesomely good and products quality is excellent
When you orders are not fulfilled to the satisfaction of yours or are missing then it is very much helpful. Peace of mind is better.
refund process
I would always recommend alibaba, there are alot of honest and good manufacturers that want to cooperate with the customers. I am very satisfied for now, and I hope it will stay the same for the future
Ref order # :  57719570501027611   I have not received the shipment yet   I received an email that the order has been delivered and order is complete. how can it be possible when items have not shipped yet ?  Please contact me. I would like to get my refund.  Thanks,  Atish Kumar 1-778-858-4431 aatishhm@gmail.com
complicated navigation on your site
I would recommend this function to my collegs, because it is gives me a guarantee of successful deal.
I never received my order and it was $100 u.s.
I would recommend Trade Assurance orders because it is safe and I as a buyer feel protected in case if anything goes askew.
Alibaba is great the problems we have in Mexico getting our goods is not a reflextion on your super service nor on your suppliers.
I would recommend it for security...
Great customer service. Product is well designed and sewed. Timely delivery. I will order again.
I have been trying to make a purchase and it is not working.
I didn't recieve my shipment and very mad!
Excelent atencion
Trust,Fast, Multi Supplier
its awesome because it gives you piece of mind with any purchase especially since most products are coming from overseas where number of things can go wrong.
after paying for my product, my item has not been shipped by the supplier. I keep getting excuses. I would like for someone to look into this.
I'm having hard time with one of the vendors to accept his mistake and refund.  now i'm in a situation asking to have products instead but since march 2020 , no decision as we haven't set the right amount to refund and they want to charge me all the previous cost.  ABC Electronics ABC (shenzhen) Electronics Co.,Ltd    ADD:Floor 7 Block H, Huide Building, Tangxi the Second Industry Zone, 21 Xijing Road, Gushu, Xixiang, Shenzhen, 518000 . (Tel: +86 755 29792972/29792973/23094969  x 8013 )  http://abc-electronics.en.alibaba.com  8 years http://wmobile.en.alibaba.com   4 years www.wmobile.cn, www.abc-electronics.cn
It assures buyers that they are protected from transactions not completed by suppliers
Excellent service! thank you!
Perfekt Communikation, best price and quality. I'm from Germany
I appreciate how easy it is to use. thank you
Easy to understand and use.
its good but have still the impression that suppliers are listened to more than customers
If everything goes smootly it is fine. But if there is a problem with an order, it is a huge problem and not likely to get solves.   Yes customer service are very friendly, but have not yet answered my questions and solved my troubles in the cases where I needed it. And mails directed to the dispute team is not geting answered,   So everytime I make an order I cross my finger that I will receive it in good shape, or else I know I lost my mone?!
Because 1 time i  ask for support for my Trade Assurance order for your team, because i did not receive my order. I wrote 3 (!) times for your support team and they told me that "sorry, we will fix it". And NO reply! NO! What is Trade Assurance? I did not receive my order and have NO SUPPORT
Very well organised and track of the product is 100%
Thx
The vendors are rude
I would recommend Alibaba because of the payment method it has, which until the goods arrive as good as they do not make the payment to the supplier. That is excellent!
Very easy to use and to communicate with vendors.
cannot say anything about it
I highly recommend trade assurance
Trade Assurance Service should be valid 20 Days for Refund problem solve
Most of the Chinese suppliers don't want to use it, or try to impose their fees on to customer
Failure of product delivery or counterfeit selling of goods.
ORDER NOT RECEIVED
Easy to communicate and get good quotations.
well so far i haven't had to use it but it definitely make it safer for me to buy items.
I bought unlock S20 phone but it won't work with my provider in USA.  I contact them about the problems but no responds yet.
Because this service gives customers assurance that whatever happens to their transaction, they are protected and thus making them to not hesitate to buy.
for Fraud only
so far I have had very good serve and response
I haven't used it so very unsure of it.
Trade Assurance protects you from fraud
so far i haven't experience any issues that will put Alibaba Trade Assurance to test
Some communication can be challenging because of the language barrier
Trade insurance provides safeway when purchasing from anyone listed in alibaba market
Great Variety of products and services
Always fast and on time
A recommendation would be to provide help on operating the site. Videos are usually the best and clearest way to provide instruction. Also I think that providing a method of comparing many shipping options.
We are clear in bussines
Very efficient, easy to use with quick payment.
don't know what trade assurance service is to be honest. So I wouldn't exactly recommend it.
I would recommend this service because I read everything and it assured me that the transactions would be safe if I order through the your website. I did just that and I felt very safe placing an order. I contacted them about an accident that happened and received help right away. shipment has arrived and with no problems. It is also good for a business that is just getting started as well.
Good
Efficiency, Reliability
Feels more secure.
yes
you all help one of your buyers take my money than act as if you did not see the videos or the pictures i sent for a refund when i can clearly see them on my end
Because the only time I attempted to use it, you sided with the seller even though I had photographic proof of faulty goods delivered.
GOOD SERVICE TO USE, MORE SAFETY ON TRANSACTION
good communication ,Fast shipping
I'm satisfied to the Trade Assurance  based on my experience I've had so far
Only way to go....  Feel secure using Trade Assurance
The option of having insurance for the payment made to the supplier for the purchase of products is very convenient, it is a way of protection against scams and bad suppliers
I bought a ztr or some call it a etr from YougKang I have it and it runs but they never sent me any manuals and the front suspension arms where not welded symmetry. I had to do a lot of work on my end to get it drivable and I'm  still trying to get it titled in the State of Pennsylvania. I didn't get all the paper work I needed but I'm doing the best with what I have. I have had some other problems but if you want to know it all call me at 1 724 420 8208 and I will let you know what little problems I have had. I do love the web site and as I get the money I intend to buy more stuff using Alibaba.
Not had to claim against yet, so no idea if works to protect the buyer in reality
esta muy bien todo
There are some serious oversights with the service that take away buying safety for the buyer.
Keeps track of the negotiation process and allows me to be sure that the bank account of the supplier really belongs to the factory.
It works and gives the buyer security on buying from new suppliers.
Trade Assurance Service information is very clear and the Customers are free of problems or misunderstandings.
Because I haven't had eny problems with my purchases.
I recommend the Alibaba insurance service because it allows the buyer to feel secure in his purchase because it is difficult to control when there are thousands of kilometers that separate the buyer from the seller.
Very communicative and fast shipping.
So far good experiences but some postage costs are too expensive therefore not makin gpossible for any profit
Low prices
Hard to get secs. on products. Sales people don't know about the product they are selling. Can't give you an accurate quote on shipping.
Added value from platform.  Guarantee of things made done
n/a
excelente
Quality and price
I would recommend it 100 %.
Safety
You can make sure your money
seria muy bueno que cuando allá un problema prestaran mas atención
money security
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it provides a peace of mind feeling, after paying, that I shall receive what has been ordered.
Unclear information and lots of misunderstandings between suppliers and myself. Also, many companies offer coupons that they do not honor.
Gurantee
Very responsive.  Orders on time.
Quick responses, fast delivery time. Ahead of schedule!
the only reason i bought a sewing machine through alibaba... was the back up security it gives peace of mind.
yes
I recommend it for being safe!
Not used in enough yet. I hope I can get my money back if I never get the merchandise. Will try this today and see.
Because I have found that if you get into any dispute with a company in China, Alibaba does not do much to help and leaves you to be ripped off by some companies.
made sure my procdusts came on time and made me feel more secure with purchasing.
The dispute center is extremely weighted to the side of the seller.
To give the assurance of receiving the goods as ordered
I had a problem with my order, Alibaba didnt supported and simply closed the case without a solution for my case
long time to receive the package and moreover, when finally I received, the order wasnt correct
Alibaba delivers and protects the customer and the supplier.
OK
easy and so far there is no problem .
I think it is safe and fast. Also can use card as payment method.
Whilst 90% of trades work well, when there is a problem, I find Alibaba hard to communicate with and difficult to find a solution. For example when suppliers fail to provide a service or provide faulty goods there seems to be no direct link to Alibaba to find a fix.
I emailed several times about the fact that I received the incorrect order and missing items - nobody replied. All Trade Assurance cares about is that an order was shipped and received, but they don't protect you if the seller missold to you.
I wait 2 months for the package and alibaba service does nothing and says everything is fine
I have no reason. Alibaba TA is so confidence
My first order wasn't shipped. The supplier said un ship the parcel just showing that electronically are ready to be picked by the carrier DHL. But this is the only event in the tracking. So clearely, the goods /parcel was not shipped... I'm very disapointed with this experience!
Trade assurance is key for reliable transactions, to keep the transaction on the platform to avoid scamming.   However,  the only thing that I miss. it  would be great if there is a step to have FOB price settings. Most of the time I pay 20% in advance and when I receive the proof of loading I pay the other 80%. However, now a manufacturer wants that I fullfill the 80% before the proof of loading.   Once the buyer has the poof of loading and that is communicated with alibaba, alibaba fullfills the last amount of the payment.
GOOD SERVICE
Trade assurance is a good idea if it works as intended. Right now, it is not working for me because I have a trade dispute case with an Alibaba supplier for several weeks now (since September) that has not been resolved and Alibaba is not providing any update.
It is similar to Ebay and/or Amazon-- in the way of feeling protected, if the order is not received or not in the condition that it was advertised as.
Trade Assurance is the best service, and we love. it helps easily to deal with people even when we have no clue about them
Suppliers can easily mark an order as completed when there is still a significant shipping delay, so that once the product is delivered, the time to reject quality is expired. In addition, the process of rejecting based on quality or non supply is very unclear - so I have very little faith that the Trade Assurance service can really be used to protect buyers.
Paypal is not used  pages are too much complicated  orders are diffucult to make
I am assured that i can get my products savely and if not i can get my money back.
Expensive
The website user interface could be improved. Sometimes a little messy.
Easy Fast and very Safe. very good for sourcing in Asia. what else do you need?
because it is a was for me to know if a supplier is reliable or not.  i had no bad experience till now, using this way. i only work with suppliers offering trade assurance payment
Is a safe way to make business
you say if a delivery arrives my example item came damaged due to seller not taking care to packing a item sufficient to avoid internal damage i would recieve a refund in my case justine a mediator was useless even though i sent images to proof he had no sort of understanding.
no reason
Im satisfied
very safe!
excellent service
No
Its secured and fast!
Most factories would not prefer this way
As a new Amazon seller, it helped me be confident that my product had a guarantee.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service. It makes me feel more safe when dealing with suppliers. It makes me feel more secure that I can get my money back if there's problem with my supplier.
it is important that you are protected so i will recommend this
perfecto
Because it puts some protection in place for everyone
GOOD.
every change depends entirely of Alibaba
I'm a returning customer who has made some solid business connections that work for both myself and the sellers.
los proveedores me han quedado mal con los productos solicitados, me afirman que tienen stock realizo el pago y al siguiente dia me lo cambian, argumentando que no tienen en existencia
peace of mind
none
Because there is always a risk and they dont give you enough time to have all the proves on hand
very easy to use
Trade assurance has been easy to use (most of the time) and has made us feel more protected than we may otherwise have felt with transactions from other continents.
Simple order management, tracking and payment.
I placed an order and never received the merchandise and the seller never payed me back
Thanks
I got scammed from seller on this app
Trade Assurance Service work great.
Many suppliers don't update their MOQ, prices and product sizes or description. Which is really a waste of time... too bad.
Muchos vendedores no cuentan con Trade Assurance piden el pago fuera de la plataforma alibaba
Must have a security service
I highly recommend it since they have processed a refund of money deposited, either because it was not what the supplier offered me or changes to a new order.
I have watched youtube videos where people is not completly satisfy with alibaba trade assurance, they think that most of the time Alibaba is on the sellers side
missing orders , missing pieces , long wait times for shipping
Thanks for service feeling secure
I got over charged for shipping  and the vendor made up an excuse as to why
Ive just begun ordering samples - good experience so far
I still could not get the poducts??!
i will and i realdy have done so since is a safe mathod to shop on line.
I thought Trade Assurance will protect me when I used it for the first time for order number 46184051501023200. But it didn't. I ended up with lots of faulty, poor quality products, and very little compensation. And even that very little compensation has still not been paid to me. Overall, Trade Assurance offers me no protection.
I recommend it becouse  its secure to trade in
seller send me sample it was ok, but next i ordered more. he send fake ones
So far I have been connected to very helpful and honest suppliers. They have answered any and all questions that I have had. The quality thus far has been great. I hope I continue to be connected with great companies similar to those  that I have been connected with.
Would recommend Trade Assurance Service for secure payment and goods quality standard.
where is alibaba costumer service, when i needed refund?
It has been secure and offered me peace of mind
Very poor User Interface.
easy use
its safe and hassle free.
nada
no idea
I do not quite see it is useful.
Not sure about it. More information?
It's all very clear and precise
Goo
ira
you can trust that you will get the products you pay for.
I felt during my first approach that my case were not read it properly even tought the evidence were very conclusive and I have to go back 2 times with the same situation explained different and at least the 3rd person undertood the reason of my claim and proceed properly. But the first two were a simpe not applicable with all the fact evidence that I had
no reasons
Too late.I didn't receive the products,yet
because I am satisfied
customer service need to iimprove
have had no trouble that could not be solved
We have a hard time understanding english.
I applied for refund and it was painless and customer service was fantastic.
I would recommend it, but you have to be very careful. Look close at the shipping prices, also the quality of some of the products are not that good.
Great Quality Vendors
Works well
I would recommend since the all the business agent I'm associate with  are all professional
not applicable
no
OK
very courteous and prompt service.
I would recommend Trade Services to anyone because it has a variety of things to get and reviews showing what's good and what's not good as well as respectful vendors, based on what I've experienced.
Service is good, finding and searching for products is a little hard. Would like  a similar products button. for other sellers. that  would save a lot of my time.
Sellers regularly try to take advantage of buyers. AliExpress does not support it's buyers.
Luckily for now I
Workers have low understanding of the order and there are many intermediary distributors who are not direct makers, and because of their poor understanding of the production, they are unable to make the correct samples.They consult without knowing the exact specifications of the products they sell, and talk about the price difference arising as a result of the customer's responsibility.
It is to early to tell.
i dont know were is my package
no
great service - so easy to do business with
Very easy to work with the manufacturers to discuss needs. The products was shipped at a decent time.
Secure and convinient payment service. Trade assuranse assures timely dleivery and geunine products.
prices are ok , hope just for faster delivery
peace of mind when doing transaction.
Reliable
Best service and durable products
If a want a make large order 2% More than 10K USD it is becoming a very high price. we have many deal more than 40K USD
I High recommend it for business safety
The whole process was completely one sided. Trade assurance people were siding with the seller forcing us to take a very unfair deal. Half of items we ordered were damaged and the delivery came over a month too late, yet we were given a choice to either accept 1500$ or nothing!
YOUR TRADE ASSURANCE IS BULLSHIT, I HAD AN ORDER BEFORE AND TRADE ASSURANCE DID NOT PROTECT ANYTHING
The whole process was completely one sided. Trade assurance people were siding with the seller forcing us to take a very unfair deal. Half of items we ordered were damaged and the delivery came over a month too late, yet we were given a choice to either accept 1500$ or nothing!
These guys are great to deal with.
Agents are slow to handle transactions issues.
I would recommend as it has served me satisfactorily
would be cheaper if there was a crypto payment method instead of a $50 transfer fee
Fast Delivery and quality items
Very good customer service and delivery.
Reliable source of trading and clear process of purchase
i deal with a liar supplier, delay in shipping, delay in production, give my goods to shipping & clearance company which signed in customs without my permission, they admit delay and mistakes and making me lose time & money then i ask for refund trade assurance said didn't approve saying no effectual effectual proof after even supplier admitted their mistakesso i will call it Alibaba Scammer & Liar protection aka Trade Assurance and i'm thinking now of closing this account & stop dealing with Alibaba anymore
i didnt received my poduct
Sometimes you have to order big amount of item. To find item is not easy sometimes.
good placed direct access to china industries
It's more secure to me
fast shipping, good prices, certifieds
Alibaba.com has been dealing with global customers. However some of items sold on Alibaba.com are not ready for the customers, I have very poor experience with the seller who sent me I guess the product not for foreign customer. Nowadays, there are certificates of technical standards applied for internal and global products at the same time in advanced countries.Without certificates, the products should not be sold for the benefit of buyers.I have found that the products made in China and sold on Amazon proved much better than on Alibaba and Aliexpress. Not only price . Why is that ?I need your answer.( please , it is only my own personal opinion. )
i would like to use paypal for payment
Hay algunas empresa que mcuho demoran en el como Shenzhen Color Ume Electronic Co., Ltd.
i would not purchase without trade assurance
No issues with it
The system says orders have arrived.The orders haven't arrived.
NA
so far only good experiences
I would recommend it, because is a safety net for the buyers, and prevents any attempt of scam from the seller.
Very dissatisfied, I bought some products I didn't receive and they didn't refund me. What kind of consumer protection is this. Be careful what you buy on this site.
never used it.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because this was my first order and everything was perfect.
I don't like how many businesses do not have their shipping prices posted. For example, the same seller would charge me $95 for shipping 4 pairs of shoes, and $330 for 10 pairs. If you do the math, I would rather order 4 pairs 3 times and pay less (4 x 3 = 12....... $95 x 3= $285). I don't understand why I would pay more shipping for 10 pairs than 12 pairs. I think companies should list the shipping prices per quantities of each item.Or, the shipping should be charged after the company takes it to FedEx or DHL.
Quick answer, polite, very good woorking
have a cool products
The Trade Assurance Service closed my order very quickly and without warning. The shipping time for my order is up to 30 business days from shipment however Trade Assurance Service closed the order within 10 business days (2 weeks) without warning. If I had been warned that the order would close automatically with some time to extend the shipping time myself, I would be happy. But I was unaware that is how the system works.
I am still experimenting that service
I did not like the last resolution . you guys side with the shipper, you did not fully take my concern into consideration.
It?s safe for money of customers
i should receive my package  on end the july . still waiting for my stuff and i don't know when coming  . horrible !!!!!
the service is excelent and I am very happy with all the peop[e I have delt with
I never received my order # 34790871501024099 can not find out why.
I have two claim/cases that been on hold for the last 3 months. I contacted dispute team and customer service. For the Last two months for one case and one month for the 2nd case and still no resolve. I was scammed by a seller and Alibaba dispute higher team has yet to do anything but send email about pending for one and nothing for the other. All I get is 3 working days and no other word. A customer service rep attempted to help but yet to get the problem fix via higher dispute.
you feel save when you trade
Easy to find contacts. Easy to pay.
New to the system and don't find it very intuitive.
I've had wonderful experience with Alibaba and most of the "Trade Assurance" suppliers are reliable. Always fast and easy transaction..
ok
Have not done enough business to recommend as of yet
convenient
For insurance puposes
no response when issue and to much paperwork
i dont understand how to start
don't know exactly what it does
Seems a safe way to do international business
some things are hard to do...different transactions
This service made it easy to get in touch and communicate with a manufacturer that could produce an  product that I designed at a reasonable price. This service is invaluable.
I would recommend trade assurance service because your payment is safe and seller know that he has to deliver the best quality product. Otherwise they will pay back.
Security
Order with Trade assurance very fast and secure
no comments
I would recommend Trade Assurance Because of 100% satisfaction by your service
Facile à suivre et sèrieux
Trade assurance is the solution to all online business, protecting both the customer and the supplier. However, due to Covid 19 pandemic shipment by FedEx was greatly affected as compared to DHL and purchase protection time almost run out on my order. Nonetheless, overall satisfied experience with my first trade assurance order.
Safety
good items
I’m a regular user of AliExpress. I’m also European and do business in Euro’s. To my surprise, I could only get quotations or do business on Alibaba in US Dollars. That’s bullshit, ugly and insulting.Also on AliExpress, I could pay using iDeal payment method. iDeal is cool, trustworthy and convenient. This method is not available on Alibaba. I find that disgusting.
So far customer service and quality of products have been great.
its expensive the commission .and in some cases I do not accept payment.it say error
Good assurance for purchase, would recommend, purchase feels safe.
Shipping dates not followed by one supplier with minimal updates
I have not needed it so I have no idea -- though it sounds like maybe this is referring to the whole order process? Trade Assurance Service to me would be more the management of a dispute process.
This specific order of towels was a great experience. They are great communicating and helpful to find packaging a needs.
Everithing was ok, the supplier and your products are perfects, thanks a lot
No comment.
Only to my non-competitors for sake of business
I like Trade Assurance Service on giving protection on the buyer for purchases. I would better if the charges are a little bit lower.
My items was on time and was really good product
This service secure purchase and give peace of mind.
its very safe
I would recommend it. It should only be a matter of who would be interested in using it, since it is still difficult for some owners to access these pages, browse and communicate in english it wouldn't be the best option for them.
I don't receive packages
Not everyone ship on time
It provides for a secure way to do business.
nice service
a
I have not receive my order. the system shows that delivery was completed, however I do not have it.
la veracidad de la empresa que te escriben y la cantidad que te escriben, hasta al correo personal.
I would, but its more technical than aliexpress due to having to set up more variables (trade terms, shipment, moq etc)
Porque me protege a mi y a mi proveedor.Ademas ofrece calidad en los productos.
Great service! They delivered exactly what I wanted in a short time
it`s the best service ever. However, the chatting system needs improvement. parties don`t receive messages on time. Thank you.
I have not received my order.
It gives you the trust to buy without having the fear of being scam
did not understand the time limitations, and one of my deliveries happened outside of the limitations.
With the shipping
i can tell only my close friends who are interested in the kind of business i do.
refund complete
very good
It's safe, fast, easy and reliable.
Very efficient and reliable
is my secret wepond
Trade Assurance is not a fair process. My order was poorly managed and I was shipped the wrong material and my Trade Assurance manager did not offer a resolution. Now I have products that I can't use and need to buy new products elsewhere.
for the security and trust it provides
For good pricing.
I recommend it because all my purchase I was always informed in real time and it is safe
What you do, or do not do, is illegal in most countries, but good luck with anyone being able to hold your faceless company accountable, which of course you depend upon.  Buyer protection is a complete farce.  Your sellers, the integrity of your platform and your customer service is utterly disgraceful, like nothing I could have imagined.  I'm just trying to keep my head up and get through my attempt to appeal to logic and justice, but you ignore everything repeatedly, and cut and paste a generic and unassertive answer without help or responsibility in every instance.
Able to Pay with Credit Care.  Good Experience.
i have bought many many times here! and just 1 time 1 aplied for a refund ( because the goods did not arrived to me) and it was just samples! not even a lot of money.im very un happy
i would recommend trade assurance because it safe for the buyer incase if the goods not arrive as promise we could refund back the money.
work perfect
It has confirmed order delivery and completion, yet I have not received my order. There is no way for me to change this option? How can trade assurance confirm delivery without confirmation from the buyer?
good
all ok
Thanks
I never received my item
Good
i recommend trade assurance service because is more security
it protects our payments
Feel save
communication is great, the companies I have made business with are wonderful, rapid and excellent products.
Guarantee purchase security is a most when buying overseas
.
Most vendors don't actually use your service. They are skirting the system to be paid directly instead.
I would because it makes sure you are protected Incase product is not what you were expecting
I have only done 3 orders so fare but the price is very high
Exelent
Sometimes the language barrier can be difficult with explaining details in certain cases. A little patience is required.
this service is useless, taking the seller side, it's disappointing
na
Complicated and pro-supplier setup. I did not get a refund on trade assurance even though supplier did not meet the shipping agreement. Your agent did not look at the case and communication.
...
My order is not recived and I got a mail saying order is confirmned. I can see in portal it is saying in progress. Tracking is hwoing something. It is super confusing.
View of world market at this time.
haven't figured out yet whether it works or not? secure transaction
It's safe and guarantee both the business suppliers and buyers.
i don?t have any reason to not recommend, you have a very good service
I am very satisfied with my provider and trade Assurance Service. What it makes me do not use so frequently alibaba or aliexpress is the fiscal policy the company used to work with. I think is quite unfair and ridiculous for the volume of transactions the company has in Spain. So I value the efficiency of the company, price but also ethics in a company.
Its very comfortable to work with alibaba.com
The assurance term is too short. WE have a case the at trade assurance ran out can can not claim
Safety
It is a good service as it removes lots of the risks from the buying process.
Gives security.
good
To protect our rights
-
You have everything I am looking for
Not so smooth on debit card payment it was not being accepted most of the time, you need to try and try again until you make a success payment
Alibaba fail to give me my rights several time, the requested Evidence which suppose to be from seller that he deliver, turn to be the buyer to proof he did not receive, which practically impossible
seruis , easy for a buy
im happy to communicate directly to seller via instant message
I recommend it because I am satisfied with the variety of products and fast service.
Wide variety of products and suppliers
SECURITY PAYMENTS
安心できます。
The transaction fee for credit card can be reduced
I paid for some items and never received them or my money back
It makes the transaction feel safer.
Nos dan la garantia que buscamos
EASY TO BUY, A LOT OF PRODUCTS YOU CAN FIND EVERYTHING.
fast shipping and great price
gives me security to purchase from businesses i have never delt with before
I have a Lot of horrible experiences with selllers, very unprofessional , terrible products an long and horrible disputes.Is a nightmare sometimes.
i would recomend trade assurance,,its safe.
Incorrect products or defective products have been received and no action was taken to resolve the situation.
I highly recommend the trade assurance service.Peace of mind on the buyers, protection, alibaba's way of showing they "care".
all orders are shipped on time and accurate.
Easy to find vendors but no reviews/comments from previous buyers.
Most companies I have spoken to are very professional and get back to you quickly
.
Almost a year and the vendor would not ship the merchandise that is paid for in full..
Much cheaper and lots of supplier.
I recommend it for the security it gives us to make transactions
no
It works great
Sorry, I can not explain about that but quite can easily check order and payments^^.
We had a very good service with our providers.
It's one of the few way to guarantee safety in buying.
i would recommend alibaba cause all the different items good variety also i text a seller they answer right away
Transactions have gone smoothly to my satisfaction
Nil
Yes i very good buy here in alibaba, I recomend use the trade assurance service
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance Service in fact without having it in place I probably will not placed large order. TAS gives me confident that if anything happens I will be protected within reasonable time frame.
good
los contactos tienen mucha paciencia y explican todo a detalle..estoy muy satisfecho no tengo ningun problema hasta la fecha
seamless interaction
It's very secure to do business throught it.
It makes this operations simple, helps me to follow up and gives me certainty so I can send money minimizing the risk
Just recently I was scammed on alibaba and trade assurance sided with the seller, providing me only a small partial refund. very uselses service to pay for when it does not help buyer. i would rather deal with supplier direct and not pay alibaba a fee.
I haven't had a need to use it, therefore do not know how reliable or effective it is thus cannot truly comment on it.
Very reliable, fast service.
Easy to buy and communication was great.
n/a
Great customer service & good quality products
I love Alibaba, every supplier that I have dealt with has been super nice and super helpful. So far I have received my shipments quickly. The communication is provided in a timely manner.
You feel safer placing an order through Trade Assurance Service.
I would recommend because they stay in touch with you and they make sure you get your products.
it was ok i got my order
Trade assurance service, give me a sensation of safety that my purchase must be what I paid
Safe and Secure
Very easy to use.
Charging too much ...
safe
I'm just not sure that I would recommend anyone. It seems people are always trying to take your money and give nothing for it on here. I don't understand the refunding process. If you file for a refund I think obviously you are looking to be refunded. When the process is over you need to answer again somehow which I haven't figured out yet how to answer. Why do this when you applied for a refund. It seems its too hard to get your money back when something is wrong in your order.
I would recommend because it give a peace of mind when ordering.
Very high fees for buyers when they pay with Credit Card.
No contact to cmplicate
Great Company
Much easier than you think it would be! Remarkably quick service, sometime it's quicker to get things than froma UK supplier!
The time i had a problem it solved very fast and in a fair way
Good Quality items
good
MARK UP
ensures the quality of the purchase
a very good service, which provides security and confidence
Miscommuniation, disinformation, and lack of follow up from some vendors
I would recommend it because unfortunately I have found that many chinesse suppliers are not trustworthy and Alibaba eventhough is not 100% safe as well can put some pressure to these companies.
I was robbed literally even though I paid through Alibaba platform
ok
Awesome!
Fast and Reliable
Not protecting buyers, shipping cost in case of wrong products are not cover, sender could present himself with invalid certification and for Alibaba it is OK, nobody is verify it
Not really sure how it works. Didn't really feel it's importance
I recently raised a complaint against supplier management cause great loss to our business, the feedback from trade assurance mediator was very shocking, discarding all our proofs even though the alibaba portal even indicated delayed shipment on the part of supplier. There was only blatant disregard for international buyers interest and only sort to protect supplier.evidence of case filled and response available for your reference; I'm surprised shipment/delivery timelines is interpreted as date supplier moves goods to warehouse when it took over 10 days to ship and produce AWB.
It makes business transaction much easier and low-risk.
Very nice supplier.
my very first order 3 months ago hasn't arrived yet
very convenient and both parties are protected in the transactions
Supplier raw fabric price is very high !
hassle & hassler free experiance
the suppliers are very professional but the website is pretty confusionary. I would need more details on the products in order to not contacting the supplier for every little thing
Easy to use and very safe
Ease of use, communication and payment assurance
order not received
shipping took a bit longer than the time which was  stated
I'd recommend it because its convenient. I wouldn't recommend it because I've done business with sketchy people before on here.
Good bussines
Very Easy to use and operate and gives you great reasons to trust trade assurance
N/A
it is easy to order
Always towards supplier side
it is a safety for the business
It ensures a way to dispute any unsatisfactory issue and provides another level of comfort to purchase and work with vendors.
Customer service has been exceptional. Prompt responses and quick turnaround.
Because it did not live it to its agreement.  Not only did we receive our shipment late and the vendor did not communicate the late arrival until I asked about and we were well past the date, but, the merchandise was received defective and leaking.  When I asked the vendor they told me that the sprayers we ordered were for plastic bottles however when I asked question prior to purchasing that never said that the sprayers could not be used on glass bottle of the same size.  Trade Assurance did not help to have our monies returned.
good
very good seller
It's a good way to make the costumer feel confident when doing a transaction. It would be nice to have a tutorial explaining what to do when you don't receive the goods you paid for. And a botton that says: Received product acording to order/received product not acording to order
It has simplified payment, allowed transfer of money to a local account allowing me to use my own currency
Alibaba is not serious, a month ago of a purchase I suffered a scam from a supplier, after closing the order, the supplier forced me to pay an additional amount to which I did not have to cancel the order and ask for my refund, I am a reseller in my country lost my client and I lost doing business, alibaba did nothing to support me I gave him the name and email of the company to make the complaint alibaba does not recognize said company .. the problem i refer to the order n ° 50287795001026163
It?s easy to trade with the companies
The service has the safeguard, has certain benefit to the customer
I would recommend because they ensure your products are delivered and of great quality.
It's a safe platform to make payments.
Ease of mind.
not so good expirence
VERY SIMPLE AND STRAIGHT FORWARD
the transaction fees are too much
the lack of customer service and quick resolutions.  Also the lack of enforcing bad sellers to consequences etc.
because you failed me
na
I have not used it
I would recommend it is vital to have something that will work.
As a buyer,some of my inquiries were deemed trash without reason and I met some suppliers rejected my inquiries.Sucks
It is a safe way to purchase products on line
I would recommend because you bring a safe operation to buy.
I recommend due to the services is good
All good thx!
good service
The direct service from Ali baba in supporting in claims is not fast or strong enough. Supplier think they can abuse contracts and agreements. Alibaba should be faster to hold them accountable
A lot of the suppliers lie on here
.
I got a really good service. The items I bought will work just fine and they gave me a really good price.
I have come across suppliers that cannot offer their products in my country, and those that can suggest large purchases on the product in order to offer a guarantee.
my order has not been delivered, the tracking number provided does not work, and the supplier does not answer messages using the alibaba messenger
N/A
Worked well with me the guarantee satisfaction
I feel safer using Trade Assurance Service.
very good until now! excellent services
Gives you a feeling of confidence.
I?ll recommend this service
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because my goods and money are protected.
I think that you are the best choice for buy a lot of stuff at well quality and god price
Many sellers speculate on things that is hard to measure? For example on real light output power of laser sources
Bonding purchaser and seller together bilaterally
Great jobs
good price, protected, easy
I would recommedn using Trade Assurance Service since it is a guarantee the buyer has that protects them of potencial quality and timing issues.
It works well and I feel secure when ordering from America for my business.
too many menus
It is a great service.
It is safe and reliable
MUY BIEN Y  MUY BUENA GENTE
I have a few inconvenientes with a supplier, but trade assurance is the best way for to be assured about quality, time delivery and refund policies
Trade Assurance is a really good vehicle to gain confidence
Great platform and love what Jack  has achieved and read his book
Some supplier don't want to use the Alibaba payment
es buen servicio
I will recommend because it protects buyers.
The important thing is that one feels safe with the money sent. Which is very valuable for an entrepreneur since if a supplier is not completely transparent with the shipment of the requested product, one can make the refund.
I am very satisfied with Trade Assurance
prices are so good but shipping is a little expensive
good service
It is fast and easy to understand. I love being able to speak directly with the people we are buying the products from. It allows us to build fruitful relationships with one-another.
na
Your customer service team is terrible, they have the tendency to take side with seller and not the buyer. My example would be when i purchased an item which was advertised as herbal product but was actually a pharmaceutical product. The seller was unable to provide shipping document which was needed by the forwarder. i requested assistance from trade assurance service. However, they told me that if i didn't request shipping certificate before purchasing the product then they cant make the seller provide it. For that reason the seller can keep the goods and also keep my money. That's a Mafia style of doing business if you ask me. In the real world the seller show know the category of products and the type of document which is needed to ship it out of China.
very good
I recommend it to my friends who want to establish a business because in this platform, you'll find the main supplier of the products,
A fairly secure service that allows you to make transactions with peace of mind
Easy to use and to find serious suppliers
Give for new customers safety
Seems to be a good site
Good business.
I am very happy with service.  I recently had to make a dispute and everything went right.  Thanks a lot.I am in disgust with the payments on the site.  I have been experiencing problems when I make payments, something about the communication with banks when I make payment with debit card.  The last three payments delayed almost two days each until they could be done.
i dont have any bad reason
i paid via Klarna and it says "payment pending" although i already paid. makes no sense, and there is no customer service to help me
so many choices
Trade Assurance Service can be recommended as it provides assurance to the buyers.
It gives you peace of mind
Lose of bank fees when order does not go though or is cancelled
Good customer service, but I spent a lot of money trying to launch my business by September but 2 vendors already shipped my order but didn't make sure my address was correct
You have to protect yourself when buying from a different country
because it is trustworthy, i wouldn't go any other way.
THEY ASSUMED MY DELIVERY WAS COMPLETE WITHOUT ASKING
simple
I recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is a safe way to buy from new suppliers, mainly because I have never seen them.
Processing a refund is a bit more difficult than expected
It is easy
some of the suppliers have no Alibaba payment system so its difficult for a customer like me to trust them.
I will very much recommend.
Because of the high fees a lot of vendors will not use Trade Assurance.
satisfied with service levels & process
I placed a complaint and never got a reply
The supplier tells me I have received my order when it has not been delivered
User Friendliness
verry good
ITS  SAFTY FOR BUISNESS
-
I feel that every supplier says that they can do something but really deliver on what they say or provide the quality as described.  Some products which claim to be cotton are polyester which is a huge difference and status of fabric.
The seller did not sent me anything. I asked for refund. The seller replied that he sent it and I must wait. And your system gives me only these options: 1. AGREE - no! I do not agree, 2. CANCEL ORDER - no! I do not want to cancel my order. 3. EDIT - I edited, but it refuses to send my edit. I have the same sum on total amount to refund and refund amount (USD540), but your system says, these two numbers are not the same. This is a clear fail to make  a reasonable dispute...
It increases buyer confidence in buying on this platform as we don't know the sellers , but we know Alibaba. So the trust is on Alibaba.
I hate the unsolicited quotes popping in my message box, confusing  me with my intended supplier
I would highly recommend any of my friends or associates to Ali Baba. The customer service and professionalism I have received while ordering various products for my personal use has been excellent thank you very much
Easy to communicate, big online market, variety, professional, fast business.
I would recommend it because I get quickly feedback from the vendors.
good
I had 1-2 bad experiences but rest of them were great
Too many charges, Some vendors are not too serious
This Trade Assurance Service platform protects both the buyer and seller to ensure that the business transaction can be fairly done. The additional inspection service also provides an added value service to the buyer all within the Trade Assurance framework which makes the whole business transaction more convenient and properly recorded all within the purchase order
is the best, and the following the customer
all pricing should have shipping already included.
the bess
I have no idea about this question.
Im being waiting for my order 5 months already
Very easy to do business in general.
Peace of mind
Best place for bisnes.
service is great but you also need to do reachers for yourself if you find a supplier
ok
I've had very professional and courteous treatment using the Trade Assurance Platform.
I do not recommend because they do not have the pages in different languages ??such as Spanish as an example
good service
good service
I am a verified member of Alibaba since 2012.Now our company address and email changed and Alibaba trade assurance service put me in trouble every single time that I want to pay via website.I've submitted the company verification but got no reply from alibaba service.Moreover, there is no contact detail such as phone or email to ask some questions but only we find is juct some robot answering nonsense!
I'm looking for the highest quality polo shirts offered on Alibaba. Without paying for samples from every supplier I should be able to determine that but as it is I have to accept the seller's description and then pay for samples to check it. Having an independent analysis would make this process easier.
n/a
It is a safe way to buy from China with confidence.
its slow to chat and hard difficult to make orders :(
my order was done in july 15, 2020 and after 1 month and ten day; it has not delivering in my home adress. Bad service.
Great communication and very fast shipping.
I would recommend
Easy to use
The time it takes for transaction to clear between my payment the vendor recieving the payment to send inventory
not problem so far
This is the first time I used this service. I am not sure how it will work if I had any problem.
Low quality suppliers, and refund process are almost impossible for customer who received low quality or even wrong product.
Everything Ok
I'm not secure since you release my 900$ to supplyer and you know that she didn't ship my order. Revise the disput, You let me loose 900$. I paied by Alibaba since 8 years. It was the 1st time I had problem with supplter. She didn't shipped my order. WHY YOU RELEASE MY MONEY? . Now, I use Alibaba when I have no choice.
No reason why not.
Yes
With the Trade Assurance Service I can better communicate with the Supplier, when I have Questions Alibaba Customer Service are always there to Help. I can easily manage my Orders.
Trade assurance give us trust to make bussines with companies from china.
Its quiet fast and secure.
Trade Assurance is the reason I come to Alibaba! So no there is no reason why I would not recommend it!
Good wholesale prices for products to sell in my shop
It is good to have a trustee as our past experience has shown that the agreements with the suppliers are not binding and reliable. Without Trade Assurance, renegotiations, quality defects and other conflicts for which the suppliers are responsible would regularly occur.
The package took too long and the import taxes were not included in the price, which made the product not worth buying directly from the manufacturer.
Poor Mobile App. It takes too long to update/refresh. Message section on mobile app needs to be redesigned.
It is perfect for a small business like we are to not loose all the money in case of.The only negative thing is, that it isnt very clear how long you are protected and some other cases that could happen, like the seller ships you only garbage
They never gave me my product. They sent him to another address. It was for Peru and they sent it to Mexico. I did not understand very well when it would arrive. since I saw that he said he was in Mexico and I gave 4 days and hours to receive. I understood that. and then they let me know that the deadline for claiming and expiration of their warranty.This is a grandiose and total deception or scam. Bad experience and they have to refund my order. since they do not answer me and refuse, claiming that the terms for the guarantee have expired.
Recommended as a lot of choices and comparisons available.
The vendors are very unreliable.They rarely respond according to the request of the products enquired about.
from one seller I brought 141.50 usd items. then I pay about 50 usd for delivere in my country, then pay fro Tax 18% and then I see that all items has problem, all is deffect. no one work goodly... I write about refund and company pay only 35 usd and alibaba say that I alway make orders from this site, pay me 50 usd.other sites as like ebay.com, amazon... will be make ful refund in this situations...
good
It?s safe
I would recommend Trade Insurance service because Alibaba owns it and it help customers and suppliers with transactions.
Trade Assurance did not protect me when machine I ordered arrived dented and damaged and not working correctly despite disputing it.
it made me feel more comfortable ordering.Especially as a new business, it takes some of the stress of worrying away. I know that I am protected.Also when my product got to Canada I had a little hiccup with delivery but was able to communicate with supplier easily through alibaba chat and issue was resolved in no time
safety
I wish each of the manufacturer contact us directly with videos, have them contact us, not admin because it takes months and some admins messed around, put in kid picture, and can't get things order.  Very slow process.  The admin not get involve, only the people from the manufacturers always need to send us their short videos and the items needed for us to see to order.
We ordered 100 resistance bands from a manufacturer and all of the bands are way off the tension printed on the bands.For example, the 50lbs band could only stretch as far 17lbs. This is more than a 50% error, and is very UNACCEPTABLE.
It reduces risk of online transactions.
It's safe.
Smooth, secure, convenient and instant.  The suppliers seem to love it as well.
.
because it is safe and there are many products
When we asked for a refund the validation process is not organic, it feels like we are dealing with a chatbot and it's really important to have human support to feel that someone is taking care.
The Product is clearly deceptive on the description.Also the escalation is not useful for the product manual misinformation
because I have complained about the way my order was handledTWICE. The first time Alibaba just shut it off with no resolution. I chatted with an online assistant and was told to resubmit. That was a week ago. To buy trade assurance when the supplier does the checking doesn't;t make sense.  Especially since he supplied something I did not ask for.
information covers most of fields; trading and order processing professional;
I would, it depends on each businesses needs if they decide to use it.
Cost
We just ordered through Alibalba with a company and they have sent us the wrong stuff. I have been trying to work with them to get it corrected and find out about sending it back or what we need to do and they have started ignoring us so I have 1000s in product I cannot use and no way to get a hold of them anymore.
The attention and quality of the productos are perfect
I would recommend but advise that the site is a little complicated to understand.
Is safe
I would recommend it until today for the security in the payment, but I still have a problem with a seller who has sent me some of the very damaged merchandise, we are going to throw away the yoga products, there is also a missing bag that I paid and I did not send them and the seller tells me that he has forgotten and that he does not think about sending it or paying me, I have an appeal against this seller through alibaba, there is where I hope that justice is done, then I will be totally grateful,
after the receipt the alibaba claims they cannot do anything only supplier can refund if they want to in that case we are not covered as a buyer which seems to be a bad impression as the buyer should always be covered and due to the covid deliveries take longer than usual and the receipt time generates automatically and we cannot do anything it is more favoring the suppliers now and buyer is worried i have myself faced this situation.
I would recommend the trade assurance service because it gives you extra security when purchasing. As an international buyer, it makes me feel comfort knowing that my order will be protected all the way to my address.
I don't trade
If I have any problem, I am relax because I can get my money back.
I have not yet received this shipment
I’m impressed by the quality. Great job!I will recommend Trade Assurance Service next time.
p
because I have an order that has not arrived yet, I have not been able to answer emails and alibaba already assumes that my order arrived correctly and I have already delivered the amount that I paid to the supplier
IT worked.  I haven't had todo anything so it's hard to comment in more detail
I felt comfortable during paying to the supplier.
Rapidez y calificación de proveedores
easy to communicate with manufactorers through the chat app
Its secure
I will not recommend Alibaba, not professional people
orders take to long
The interface is messy and hard to navigate and find what you are looking for. Payment methods often do not work, and does not support some european payment systems and 3dsecure verification for payments.Please hire some european System developers to counsul you for better website interface.
I haven't had any problems with Trade assurance
Most of sellers at alibaba are not able to deliver what they agree on.
Item Quality is very good, I like to pay on alibaba safe with Credit Card
limited shipping option
easy
Would recommend - reliable and so far good products
to confusing
recommend
Recommended because it's competitive prices but a lot of suppliers required higher moq.
cover our payment and easy transactions process . assure our goods quality
I like the protection that Alibaba gives us buyers and the sellers.
Some sellers never reply so no point for them to be no here
Very safe and cheap way of transfering money to your business partner in China.
Information on ordering and delivery was convenient, and questions were answered quickly.
The representative Fiona that is assisting me with my dispute regarding equipment/merchandise that was damaged upon arrival is asking for additional photos when I've sent an extensive amount of evidence and photos regarding dispute. It appears that she only read the most recent message from the seller.I thought Trade Assurance protects sellers and buyers and not only sellers. I feel that no one is protecting me the buyer from damaged goods. I need help please.
You have done all things you promise
Trade Assurance Service offers a safe way to online shopping
Its is a form of an insurance that in case your order was not satisfactory, you have an opportunity to get reimbursed .it also create the perception that the supplier will meet the terms of the order cause if he or she does not supply the quality and the quality of the order she or he can end up loosing some of the money from the order.
Because is a simple way to order some products
It gives you the confidence to purchase products with assurance that you're covered should something be wrong with the product.
because of the variety of the suppliers and products and you RFQ system.
It's quick, efficient, safe and reliable
My supplier has been so responsive and as soon as I placed an order and payed him over $500 AUD  it has been 2 days since payment and I havent heard anything from him. He is ignoring my messages and it is making me very anxious as I have payed quite some money. Seems really unreliable and im unsure what to do from here on.
proof and guarantee
it's good
It is a way of building trust into transactions between buyers and sellers.
Security.
love it
Trade Assurance is the only to go to stay safe.The biggest problem for us is that we can not to a T/T to Alibaba for multiple orders from different suppliers. Often it is difficult for us to make transfers due to restrictions and bureaucracy in our Country. The best solution would be to make one (1) transfer to Trade Assurance Alibaba and Alibaba pays all suppliers afterwards.Because of this, we do not order more often.
The payout fee rate is too high
Porque brinda seguridad
Alibaba needs a world class website like Amazon.
Trade insurance is essential, but.. expensive. In case of refund because supplier want to cancel order after payement, we lost money.  A lot of ads are not to date on alibaba making search very long and fastidious.
It is a guarantee and security to buy.
N/A
It works.
62
everything is great
Fast response time
IAM BIGGENERS SO QUALITY ON TIME SHIPPING MY ORDER NOW AND STAR MORE PURCHASE THANKS GOOD BUSINES
Hasta el momento todo bien en mi primera importación, espero que vaya para mejor, tendré una mejor evaluación en el transcurso de las siguientes compras.
Value
good services and safe
It can be risky getting products from so far away and especially the time zone differences and sometimes language barrier, so it's nice there is an extra layer of protection to help you feel confident in placing orders that if there are any issues you are guaranteed a way that it will be resolved.
Great service
I would recommend to new buyers so that you have another layer of protection when finalizing your first import orders.
The dispute team is very bias and unjust. They favor the supplier and don't acknowledge the evidence provided by the smaller buyers. I feel very unprotected by the Trade Assurance Service and I will advise everyone I know to find another platform to purchase from. Please put me in contact with head office as I'll be getting a legal team involved to amend the appalling dispute process provided on Alibaba.
promnt response from the sellers and goos products .
It gives security on the purchase. Having some times problems to pay with credit card. optionj is not given in some cases, unless supplier makes new TA
Ease of use and open directory.
Feel safe with payments. Its simple and easy to pay.
No i don't know.
very good webside
shipping is too slow
siento que es muy seguro para hacer las compras en linea
It provide confidence that if something goes wrong Alibaba is there to help or resolve the issue.
Ive been going back and forth since I didn't receive my full order in April. They will not give me my refund and it has not been reshipped.
There is difficulty working my way through the ordering process...  Language differences are a problem at each stage.  Everyone is trying very hard to do business but your website and ordering platform needs smoothing.
it gives peace of mind
because I'm very interested alibaba.com so quick fast I received my order so I believe I would like to open a business with you and I don't know how but in future I have plan to open business so I'm so happy very happy really and thank you so so much
Very satisfied!
It's really easy to use and the communication with manufacturers is simple and I would recommend you.
no experience with it yet
Safe source of payment
it is very upsetting that u pay for the items and the shipping cost is added later and had to pay double shipping cost. paid when they invoiced me and then when it was delivered.
NONE
Because you assume everything went well before we actually had the products in our warehouse
I've never had to use it, so I'm not sure how it works or whether or not I could recommend it to others.
everything were on time and price were very good
Trade assurance ended before the items were received. In fact it still haven't arrived, so I have no idea if everything will turn out fine or not.
I can find anything at a reasonable price
Pills were delivered unmarked - plane white - no identification markings.  Should have been marked HCQ on one side and 200mg on the other side.  Hoping they are what they are.  You were represented by Anna Zhao - always helpful, and kept me informed in a timely manner.
Secure
It puts your mind at rest knowing the payment is on hold until goods received.
So far it seems to work very well and be well be well designed and secure so this is why I would recommend it's use.
I ORDERED A PRODUCT, THE SHIPPING COMPANY DIDNT DELIVER ANY PACKAEGE AND THEY
Trade assurance help protect the investment
I would recommend
I have a problem with one of the Alibaba.com sellers and until now nothing has been done and I am realizing that I will lose my investment.
los costos son altos, deberían reducir a 1%
That service bring security to the buyer, helps to reduce the fear to buy to someone in other country.
i have not been receiving the correct product nor have i been receiving my shipments on time
because when we ordered items it takes 1 to 2 months to receive it , in this case if i received items and found some items has factory defects , what can i do ? i had order and i received it   with factory defects i tried to contact seller to get advice and solution but till now he not answered me an if he answered me his answer with wrong recommendation . where is my wright
Very secure and honest.
por la seguridad que da los proveedores y el trade assurance
Great Service!
I had good experiences so far with Alibaba.
would be nice to have a tech support contact
I like how fair the service is.  It's comforting knowing your money is protected against potential fraud.
I feel my experience is somewhat limited and would need to use myself a little more before recommending.
na
None
Prompt responses have been very helpful
Vendors lie abut shipping time. I was supposed to get my merchandise 10 days ago after 40  days shipping and still no having my merchandise. Very disappointing
very good service, highly recommended
Undelivered order.  Ongoing problems despite chasing order with supplier.  Container reported landing Felixtowe docks over a month ago, but still no delivery.
Wrong order arrived and I had to reorder
Your web
I have received refund for 2 unsuccessful transactions what is very good, but I received machinery which were much more expensive order and it came  not according to order and payment . Machinery had a 5 times lower capacity then paid for, so it was useful , this transaction made a company huge loses and we never received the help from Alibaba
because i had a good experience
It made me comfortable with this site as I was unfamiliar with it. Especially because I am dealing with someone overseas it brings comfort knowing my money is protected.
nothing
I can buy products from factory and get very good price
All the research and communication with the Store owners have been great.
I would recommend. All my transactions have been positive
sus costos de trasferencias es mas alto que el banco
Because I can find what I want!
i import 3 boxes, and only coming 1 box to BOLAIMEI
I would recommend it because the products I've received thus far have been of great quality and price. The shipping cost were very high but perhaps if my orders were larger it would have been worth it but I wanted to sample the products first before ordering a large amount. I have already recommend my friends to come here.
i would advise any business owner . to go with it for the coverage offered. you can not compare. you stand by your customer and the manufacture. it is fair and straight to the point.
Only 2 out of the 5 items I ordered worked.  Vendor did not return my payment.
My first 2 orders were never received, I’m still waiting, when you cancel an order that was paid for, you have no options for getting your money back, 7 cancelled refund not issued. You allow the seller to complete orders that have not been received
One time i have a problem with supplier and you don't take my ask
Shipping takes too long and products don't come as what is expected. A lot of mistakes on orders and never get any refund for the mistakes. total scam to be honest.
Peace of mind, gives a sense of trust in alibaba.  Haven't had any problems.
because I had some problems and despite having provided all the documentation proving the wrong of the supplier, I do not have the compensation that it would have been right to acknowledge me
Because you allow suppliers to scam serious customers with or without your useless assurance.
maybe if an alert can be sent 2-3 days before the deadline to confirm receipt it would be a great addition to serve as a reminder.
Service and prices
I regret to state the fact of direct deception on the part of the supplier. The supplier went on a forgery, replacing the devices from my application (ACM912020 AKM91 UNIT Pocket Size Type DigitalPenza Analogico Multimetro Digital) on ACM 82 and 81.
Unfortunately the quality is very low, the products are not in the same color. I ordered white strainers but i received in difference rainbow coloured straingers. It seems that they did mix the plastic wel from which they are made.
The vendor is not serious, he delayed my shipment using fedex courier after charging me for express shipping with DHL.
Reliable
There shall be a 50% - 70% deposit payment terms to protect buyer. After the seller had completed the production, only buyer release the balance payment. It is not fair that 100% already made, but we as buyer didnt know how efficient and good quality of the product. Through reviews are not enough.
perfect for me
prohibited in our country
There are limited companies that could cater small businesses like us.
The supplier I eventually worked with was efficient and professional.
good
Verry reliable service!
Sometime difficult to proove that the was a problem
My profession area, (gemstone) sometimes I can find "confusing" or "improper" description, from view point of gemmology.So, buyer needs knowledge to find out proper information.
Accuracy  and easy to use
.
Whenever i browse products i get notification to make payment for products i never ordered. Please refer below email i received asking me to make payment.Newsletters] 【Reminder】Please complete payment for Trade Assurance order No. 49745378501027676
When placing the Trade Assurance Order, it is not clear that only one (either Trade Assurance or Inspection Service) can be chosen.
Security and effeciency
i love it, its great.
I have not received the packages, and I am working on getting a refund.
I would recommend the service because I feel that it is truly valuable. But there was a lot I didn't understand about the program until well after I messed up on my first order by not extending the receiving time of the product, mainly because I did not know that one could do that.
I recommend it because it saves me the time to double check my inventory.
100% Secure and Safe. Best Service Ever.
We raised 2 disputes for the material deliverd by supplier. The material shipped is of inferior quality and then we raised disputes. We tried to provide all the relevant evidences but Alibaba concluded no refunded.There was another order we made on Alibaba, but its been 3 months and suppleir is making excuses and not shipping. Supplier increased its price while he quoted after he receiving the samples from us for the item that we wanted and according we had placed the order. But now he increased the value after 3 months of wait. So where is Alibaba Trade Assurance.
easy.Clear.Feel more secure while dealing with new suppliers.
easiness
good service so far
assurance
Small quantity can be ordered.
guarantee delivery.
a
Please review my dispute with the seller and the outcome of Trade Assurance Service doesn't work like how Amazon protects the buyers in the marketplace.  In Alibaba, I am the buyer of the distributors .  It didn't assure and protect the buyer from mispresentation information of the products I purchased.  The packaging shows 15 lumens and the seller is telling me that it is 150 lumens, which no one is able to validate, other than the seller's words.
I love this service
They can go out of time limit and they will not lose anything, but we do
d
N/A
not all trade assurance companies respond on time
it safe.
It gives assurance throughout the trading process.
tengo problemas con una compra y no he podido conseguir que alguien responda
Great security for your investment
good communication, friendly answered all questions and regularly receive updates on my orders from the suppliers
make me feel safe
I have to be sure on all my trades
Well, I think Alibaba's e commerce is one of the best e-commerce in the world
N/A
very good
rapidité et qualité.
the problem with the shipping cost, because bigger now, the companies are changing the prices of the shipping cost 1 or 2 days before sending them, so we have to pay more, because the companies didnt have a good communication with DHL OR FEDEX
Every purchase should have a trade assurance.
The sellers don't like to use the process.
I will recomend it
I've tried other methods before and lost money.  This is a safe way to trade and keeps people a little more honest.
Extra piece of mind
i would recommend trade insurance
The process is easily manipulated by the seller.I have lodged a number of disputes now and my most recent dispute, i talked with the supplier who had correctly shown me that i had the correct product, but it was not the product i was expecting, so when i received it, i was upset about this. I closed the most recent dispute and will add the containers to my store for sale, instead of using them for my inventory. This was a good result for both buyer and seller.Previous disputes have taken a long time to resolve and the seller was able to manipulate the answers and "force the no refund" result all the time. I was even given a positive result for REFUND granted, but the supplier had organised another shipment to be sent from India instead. I was happy to get the full refund, but it never came. Those goods arrived a few weeks later. However, the supplier had ALREADY performed the RECEIPT on the order status page MANY WEEKS EARLIER. I am NOT impressed by that. It is deception.
I would recommend as it is a great platform for varying products at very good prices, however my recent experience with trade assurance in delaying my request for refund was very costly to my cash flow.
I do not use it.  It is not for small businesses.
It takes some getting used to when you are new to the importing process.  Once I looked up details and some of the lingo, everything made more sense.
exelents trade assurance
Not yet
Will be sure to receive required Goods in good order
because of the product an awesome customer service that most vendors I have came across have
TO many fake images, It takes for ever to find a good vendor. the picture are never of the exact product, and to many click-bait prices. its exhausting to find one good vender out of 100 bad ones.
I recommend Trade Assurance service to secure our transactions, but there is a 2.95% transaction fee which is not a good thing.
It made me feel like my purchase was protected.
I have not had any reason to apply for a refund but I have first hand experience of others who found it very difficult to resolve issues with bad suppliers and Alibaba where very unhelpful, almost to the extent where they did not care at all about supporting the buyer!
i would have recommended tradeassurance until today, after seeing that Alibaba will just help chinesse suppliers even that we have supplied evidence enough to confirm that a product that we have received from a supplier is wrong product.But from now on we will just invest more money(alibaba has supported a supplier steal 1175usd to us) in helping other european companies avoid being scammed and decieved in the way we have been.
I would recommend it because it is very safe to transact here in Alibaba.
It's a straight forward service. You communicate for what you want and get it within a certain period of time. So far I have received the items I have requested and have had no issues in that regards.
I had not the chance yet to see how the Trade Assurance Service is working. So i cant recommend or not yet. Sorry.
Do it only every 6 months.
I received an email from you stating my order was complete, my very 1st order, yet i have yet to receive my order. I ordered and paid for the product on aug 8th and i'm not familiar with the time periods involved as this is my 1st experience. So i was surprised to receive the email, perhaps it is generated automatically, on a timeframe, not by confirming actual delivery? Today is the 23rd and i received an email from the supplier that their warehouse was out of the product and would receive a shipment this coming week. Still, that doesn't give me an expected delivery date and i was told once before that their shipment was due to arrive, but that didn't happen.
No issues with shipping my merchandise.
Disputes are not resolved in a timely manner.
fuck
just a little confusing on the venders side
i want each my friend enjoy it, it's really to our advantages
I registered my receipt of the goods, and before the 30 days were over, the trade assurance was terminated.
because our user got deactivated
i have no reason. it is safe
Wonderful platform and great support, looking forward to use PayPal as payment method.
thanks for your help
n/a
the security
Hi,The products were stuck at customs.The seller did not give me a solution.I paid full cost including home delivery.
Trust-able, Quick responses, anything is possible
its easy
The wireless battery ported security camera that I ordered is suppose to take a 64gb micro sd card, the ones I received won't recognize a 64gb sd card.  The batteries were also mixed with some new and some old.  The cameras with used batteries drained pretty quickly, I am very dissatisfied. I believe I was sent an older model which is not what I ordered.
Accurate and fast response. Product is as described.
Fast, easy, access to all information at any given time.
Good service
good chance i will
excellent service
I am pleased to have worked with a good company that fulfilled in a timely manner what they promised, in addition to them the page is very organic and allows us to understand the import issue in a simple way.
It is not very clear to see if the suppliers have freight and costumes services
N?A
safe trade
the delivery times and products have so far been great
My shipment have not arrived but the had labeled as a received
I didnt trade anyhing
you don't offer a way to pay for goods with paypal.
very good app
I placed my order paying an extra amount, not only did it not arrive on time, but they have me circling to try to get my order to my home, which seems like it will never happen; It was my first and last purchase on alibaba, it does not seem to interest that the purchase was more than 1000 dollars or that it had Trade Assurance, both the money and the product are lost
Very efficient
very easy to use system
Communication is terrible
There was no help, when a seller still thousands of dollars and couldn't help me recover the goods or ban the seller
i wound recormend because it makes it so safer to buy products international with ease and peace of mind.
i will recommend trade  assurance servise to give me the information every time
it is essential part of alibaba, is the best payment option, full guarantee.
never
The equipment I ordered is used and dose not work
good seller
y
I ordered 2 months ago and I don't receive nothing
no protectio or help when it really matter
Difficult to comment on trade assurance when you use it so rarely - I've used it once and it took a VERY long time to get resolved
Gives you the peace of mind that someone has your back.. You may be dealing with traders that previously you’ve had no dealings with, rest assured it’s all in safe hands with the trade assurance service.
i like the sense of security
There is a lot of information and transparency. Ali Baba is my favorite, and most useful site, especially for a new merchant in the business.
Trade Assurance Service from Alibaba helps buyers like me track our order.
I feel confident that my transactions are well managed. The sellers are responsive and professional.
compa?i a seria cumple con el pedido
I'd like to see more reviews from actual buyers pertaining to specific products that are posted. This provides more confidence to potential buyers esp if the product itself has a good rating.
I don't hate it, but it makes me uncomfortable. I feel like it could be easily exploited.
I received the wrong items, and incomplete order half of the item are missing.
N/A
Great Service
.
satisfied
package said to take a month (by rail due to Corona), and Trade Assurance Service released the payment without warning yesterday.
I will recommend someone because I'm happy
is perfect but some time is not working properly... but i'm happy
great service
I recommend because it has worked well for me in the past.
NONE
I would not recommend this service, because I am dissatisfied with the fact that they want the bank transfer too much and the beneficiary is informed after 6 days from the completed bank transfer! It is inadmissible!
no
No comments
it is good
More secure purchase.
it's safe to deal with trade assurance.
The trade was easy and fast
I will like the inspection to make contact with the supplier on regular basis to get the inspection organised.
the service is not good because after the shipmenent Alibaba have not any responsiblity  of the parcel
I will recommend because it assure us that our money is safe till we get our product
wide arrange of products
i trust it
good
The problem with the trade assurance sometimes close the order without receiving the goods .You need to put more options to choose from
It is not followed properly by vendors
good
I don' have a reason to say that it is good or bad.
assurance that product is delivered before payment is fully released to supplier.
its too difficult to understand
The easy search and connecting to suppliers but i been having troubles using the app. on the app it show you have a notified but when you open the app there is no message in the inbox .
too expensive
Secure my investment. Highly recommended.
Just knowing the orders are secure and guarenteed.
no reason
excelente servicio
Very good service
The items are first quality and the prices are very competitive.
Fast and reliable
The seller should bear the commission when canceling an order
a bit complicated
I feel safer using Trade Assurance Service
Made this series of transactions easy.
No
EASY EXPEDITED, THE PAGE HELPS
experienced no problems yet
Has been reliable and efficient for me.
I have yet to receive my last parcel. I am  concerned I have lost my investment
I am very satisfied with Alibaba.com, I would recommend it to other people as well. Unfortunately, the dealer gave me wrong information, provided that this is corrected, I am satisfied.
Because is more interestin, must better price and shipping express.
We can get many items at good price, but you need increase the product quality
хз
I recommend alibaba bucause you can find
Good transaction protection
THE LANGUAJE
I would definitely recommend trade assurance because i've been burned before
its a very good tool
I would tell others that its very secure and very safe so we don't have to worry about anything getting messed up
I live in Madagascar , and the alibaba trander live in chine , i've a big problem about time of transit of goods ( DHL ; FedEx....) take many time on this moment
I would recommend - convenient search, direct speech with the seller, everything is clear.
We ordered a few parts through Alibaba and the payment process went though flawlessly.
Not really eassy to understand. did not use at all
I received my order and they are FAULTY on Order No.45424823001024782
NC
basically because we hired the additional inspection service from Alibaba and as it was the first time we hired it, we did not know how it works, there was no guide or communication, on the requirements we want put emphasis on the inspection, or way of communicating with that inspection area, so far we have no answer about it.
Very good
You can be relax about every part
I would recommend it for security purpose.
This is Okay
Was an endless process and you stood up for the SELLER and took all my money for a defective machine and parts! $20,000 USD!  Never again!
billing issue
I HAVE HAD SOME REALLY GREAT EXPERIENCES WITH THE COMPANIES THAT I HAVE PURCHASED FROM. VERY PATIENT AND PROFESSIONAL
Not had the need to use it, so cannot comment
I like it becaurse it works well-
Meat my expectations
excellent quality product efficient and professional service
Reliable service
it lowers purchase risk when its higher value purches.
It makes you feel safe when ordering first time from a new supplier
Convenient trouble free service, friendly people who gives clear instructions to get the transaction done.
I am waiting for refund for 2 months: the problem is the currency: I paid in USD, my bank does not accept USD only eur.
I have multiple alibaba accounts for my personal use, company use etc and it is a pain to log in to different accounts as your security measures are too tight.
I am not even aware what Trade Assurance is. Also, I don't understand why there is a processing fee payable
It is safe.
security
not very user friendly, navigation problems (product, supplier page, other alibaba features), viewing order details, user experience on desktop/phone/tablet (andriod and IOS) varies
i don't understand..............
NA
Good experiences so far. When I open a dispute, the supplier makes the best, to improve the quality, or make up for the damage.
ok
If you would not give the trade assurance service I think I would never trust to buy, this service is great to users of alibaba to trust that there is a solid company supporting you.
The suppliers not backing their product is reason I wouldn't but many good suppliers on here with a lot of great products.
good service
the service is prompt
none
My products came out just as I imaged with no problems. I'm extremly pleased with my last purchase
the time it takes to receive shipments overseas versus buying local
the service of the person who attended my very good request, the order arrived in Colombia in the agreed time
Great prices and great customer service!
makes transactions risk-free
You do not back buyers that have been mis-sold products by suppliers.We gave you Proof that they said they had all the Documents - then they take the money, then they send invalid documents for Export.That is why we will cease to place any large orders on Alibaba in future.All you had to do was accept the return to the supplier for a refund. Standard Practice!Sellers on Alibaba Lie about Certifications, take the money EXW knowing that they can get away with it.Never again for any orders, we will deal direct through our Hong Kong Agent instead.J Corder Managing DirectorJuicEBitz?
the shipping
Because it easy to use and get information
Makes buying in bulk awesome!
Because i cannot track my fucking package.
it is very safe, and very good prices
Miscommunications.
I would recomend it becuase it gives you a great sense of security when you do business with 3er parties.
it's easy
Reliable and faster
Great Service.
buen manejo y buena seguridad en la transacciones
I ordered a sample and it has missing parts.  Now have to ask manufacturer to send over the part, but he's not responsive.
Ease of use and access to so many suppliers is excellent. I have already recommended to others.
good quality
Super secure system
I would definitely recommend because of the pricing an quality of some of the items
because it is useless.One buys by sure guarantee, in case some equipment sells bad or merchandise arrives in bad condition, or needs some type of guarantee. All of the above have happened to me and nothing has solved me. The commercial guarantee that disappoints is useless.
Fast réponse from providers and arrival of products in perfect state.
I have been trying to reach Alibaba and resole an issue with one of the supplier i deal with AS he lied to me about the shipping method he used. I orderd on June 2 and was suppose to recieved my order 7-10 days with DHL but he shipped it with come chinese courier and till now I dont have my order. very unsatisfies with ALibaba and how they are handlign the sitation
I would recommend the service because it is very helpful for buyers
No lo recomiendo por que no protegen al comprador.
Just the piece of mind of having it backed by the website for accountability makes spending money more reassuring without knowing vendors.
Process easy and convenient; quality suppliers,  Helps with peace of mind.
VERY GOOD
I am waiting after my refund submission but you are only look after yourself to make money and your seller ripoff the customers because of you. supplier didn't dispatch me which I order it and post wrong items and was parcel damage and I noticed I have to pay more for this non order and damaged parcel, I cancel the order and request for refund, in beginning supplier was agree to pay me but not now. so I how like to refer some one to be get rip off for your business. I am a Lawyer and if you can rip off an Lawyer how some one can be safer from you and your supplier.
The website system delay did not have payment confirmation when I made the order. Made me paid 3 time on the same order and been charged 3 times transition fees which no way I can get refund. When I try to contact Alibaba there are No human customer service to correct mistakes.  If anything go wrong with The Alibaba.com on customers own risk.No one want to talk to a robot for customer service.
No
So far all my transactions went well and I had great communication
Easy to use. Secure money transmission.
The service does not always help and come through the way it should. Especially when products are damaged or missing. It should not be an issue to get those funds back.
It appears to easy for suppliers to put false or misleading information into the order to ensure they meet the contract and trade assurance requirements.  This includes putting the wrong tracking info to show a shipment that has not actually been sent yet as having been shipped.
Alibaba is more likely to take the side of the seller even though the seller violated the contract.  You can never talk to a representative about a situation or problem.  It seems if Alibaba is
very easy and secure
Because orders are sent without pictures for verification and the insurance protects the customer’s interest when the products delivered do not meant the order’s requirements. Because of the distance, culture difference and language difficulty, the trade insurance sets equal standards for both parties in case of disagreement.
your tie up courier partner is very arrogant and unnecessarily giving trouble to the customer.
The trade assurance has given me the confident to trade and negotiate with the manufacturers from Alibaba. For long distance businesses, we require a medium connector to guarantee the whole sellers/ suppliers are genuine and trustworthy hence i would recommend others to use trade assurance suppliers only.
I have used the trade assurance and it works. I think that it is unfair that the operating costs of refund was on my side. If the fault is on the supplier side then he should pay the costs.
Lots of Choices and business opportunities. Able to determine legitimate suppliers.
I GOT DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS.
The process is very easy and organized.
Easy to use, understand and has protection for customers.
There are many products available.
everything went great, thanks
I HAD ORDERED GYM MACHINES. AND EVERYTHING IS MESSED UP. SOME ITEMS ARE BROKEN, MANY ARE VERY LOW QUALITY. AND SOME MACHINES ARE MISSING, HOW COME ?????I WILL NEVER ORDER AGAIN FROM HERE TNXAND ALSO I WILL INFORM ALL MY FRIENDS AND CONTACTS THA WHAT HAPPENS WHEN ORDERING THRU ALIBABA OR FROM CHINA
I am Satisfied
easy to use
only cares about the sellers  I get cheated most orders they lie about shipping , takes months to get refund , lose customers lose store no body cares thanks for reading
My item arrived damaged and i wish it is covered with some compensation.
I recommend TAS for its security and professional service.
It's insurance for your purchase. I've never met these people I'm doing business with so I have no idea who they are and whether or not they're criminals. Trade assurance gives me confidence that if I get ripped off, I can contest it and hopefully get my money back.
So far every manufacturer representatives have been great. I am having a fantastic experience working with these guys. Very satis
i will because you can get many things at good price and service. i will not because have to be very careful for sometimes, you get price problem. sample, i buy paper cups, than after i pay, they say cup cover need to pay extra
it's safe
really offer you so many extra chances to find the good supplier in China mainland
great sourcing
The Trade Assurance Service gives me confidence that what I buy, I will get and if I am not satisfied, I can make a case for investigation and refund.
I recommend cos it is safe.
It is something a buyer can trust, without it transactions were not always proceeded and we couldn't claim money back.
A French interface would be better for us (and your business)
NA
Melody , you are very nice , we are happy to work with you .
zeer snelle en perfecte levering
very expensive
The problem is that it runs out of time BEFORE the package has passed german customs!It should stay open UNTIL the customer really received the package. Plus some days.Then it would be fine.
it gives me peace of mind
HiGood service
good follow up
Broken phone  software and hardware broken
we were deceived by one of his suppliers
all ok
everything is ok.
I like to help others make money so I'd share because we all can make Money.
The best insurance
I requested trade assurance twice and your team both times declined it with weak explanations - it is a bad promise
Trustable
very good
because there are suppliers that have high prices
Amazing work
fast reply and very cheaper
N/A
It is save for overseas people to buy
i would recommend Trade Assurance Service.. its was good experience
None
Smooth communication and credit
quick responses
very Professional service
Great
Trade Assurance makes you feel confidence as a buyer. Suppliers have more presion to make things good because of trade assurance.
the service is well designed, the sellers are great and fast.
I would recommend it because it give security and rest of mind [if there should be a dispute] that things would be resolved amicably and in time.
It's very safe and having a assurance on buying from other country is a +Plus.
-
My order was totally screwed up!
good
The only issue I had with a seller is not covered by your service. Email to dispute@alibaba.com are poorly answered. Your chat with the "consultant" is not able to keep a long conversation, each time you take a few minutes to look for / send documents, the chat is automaticaly shut down ! Without warning !!!Conclusion : I will not recommand, and I WILL NOT USE IT ANYMORE : why pay for an insurance that does not protect you ???
tu pago está seguro hasta que se te entregue el producto. tuve buena impresion
THE PRODUCT IS AWESOME
I'm new to this website but I will recommend Alibaba.com because I find it easy to use and navigate and you can find everything you are looking for.
very busy, not much time
2 responses:1) The process and customer experience for getting quotations could be much smoother. To much chatter and noise in the process from vendors who want to contact outside of Alibaba.2) I like Trade Assurance - helped with confidence in ordering given I have heard many stories of bad experience from people.
because i bought last month and until now nobody gave me any news about my pourchase
To keep orders safe
It's not always clear
n/a
i do
It's a great platform to source goods for all kinds of business.
you need to wait and ask to the buyer if the product fill all the requirements or the features announced. In  my case I still wait for answer of the provider
trade assurance keeping the transaction safer
it is a safe way to do business
safeguard money against a possibility of scam
This site doesn't look out for the customers. I will not use this site in the future
How can you say the order is complete when the order itself is not received. and there is no help or communication i can do with any staff of alibaba to raise the issues. I have paid good amount of us dollar 400+
You defend your local treader
i would recommend because it i gives me guarantee on  hassle free transaction
Customer service is great
I'm very satisfy with the suppliers and correct information and products they provide
It's good enough
Peace of mind.
All good
On the one order I needed Alibaba's support because the seller has been inconsistent in how they speak about a very delayed shipment, the fact the order is under Trade Assurance has not affected how the seller responded.
it automatically confirms your receipt before you even get what you purchased. The Vendor are unprofessionally especially when you receive the items and they tear as soon as you put them on. they don't want to refund you the full amount. they wanna send you less than half of the refund. it feels as if I'm getting scam out of my own money
...I still haven't been able to understand it.
If the Order is cancelled, Alibaba never refunds TRANSACTION  fee upon order cancellation, This is bad.  - Ebay returns full amount if the order is cancelled.
cheap prices, trade assurances that suppliers follow rules of
Since I started using the service, it has made searching for certain items so easy. All of the vendors/supplies that I've ben working has been very helpful. They respond in a timely manner and communicate well with my purchases, after transactions, and even checking in to see if I received my items.
I get fast responses from vemdors
Guaranteed payment security and satisfaction of goods.
Plenty to choose from.
Shipping right now is ridiculous and purchasing is very intricate at times being that vendors are allowed to use stock photos that are not their own
still waiting for my refund it's been 2 months
Good communications, nice support, friendly service
I have never use it, so I don't know how it works or if it is effective
good service fast shipping
good service fast shipping
Everything mostly seems legitimate.  The only things I still fear are bad quality goods, as I've heard stories but have not personally experienced it, and some of the shipping options seem unreliable or incomplete.  Maybe I'm misunderstanding, but I feel I've seen options before where the manufacturer could, without breaking contract, create the goods and then leave them for pickup in their own warehouse and that would technically be a complete contract.  I have no way to get things picked up in China though.  That did worry me.  So far so good though, which is why the rating is so high.
no
Pretty fast, pretty safe.
Fast, quick, and reliable
If you want to refund, it takes so long and some of the costs won't come back like shipping back the products.
IT takes to long
NO
some vendors have not sent me everything that was ordered and then I have to send additional emails to get the remaining pieces as well as wait extra time for the delivery.
lack of respect and neglect of customers
closed automatically before reception of my order.. :(
none that come to mind
NA
It is a very good service
the suppliers I've come into contact were very eager to help not matter the time day or night. very patient and understanding to your needs and wants.
nobody wants to answer me or help me
It is secure and fast.
I like that it holds everything in escrow
If I do not get my shipment.
disputes are handled
Great service and good price.
Very professional, product arrived on time with excellent quality and good price.
It is not easy to just order what you want. Each order process is different. I have one seller wanting me to pay via Paypal. Why can't I just pay through the Alibaba site?
I would recommend I feel secure buying from here to other suppliers far away from my country
Money was secured.
My order is marked as "complete". However, I did not receive it. I am not sure what I should do..
Happy
Customer service not the friendliest. It is hard to get to speak with someone regarding funds
Because I can get my money back
x
Safe and easy
na
dealing with any company that you have not had any dealings with - the assurance service allows for safe dealings.
Many suppliers
I would recommend using Trade Assurance as it provides trust ability to us.
shipping cost are insane
it is cheaper to buy this way it is safer
I would like to recommend trade assurance service to others, as it is safe and conviently
getting after sales support if bit difficult
Everything works perfectly except the shipping, If you can provide an option that I can ship all my orders in one shipping that will be great
The support is superb. :) I was accommodated from beginning til after I received my purchase. It was a smooth transaction. As a consumer, it's my top-most priority aside from the quality of the product. :)
Continuously bad seller products
I haven't had need to use it yet, but i guess the fact it is there gives me some peace of mind.
fast and convenient
It is secure even some times is slow
you are safety tha your product will be protected in every moment
Because so far, all my sellers have fulfilled the guarantee
Some of the companies are shipping either defective products or misrepresent the product capabilities.
None
I always recomend alibaba to my friends u guys are great for warranty
They should have a help service for users who are just learning to export and someone who can help us with a scam.
Good customer service
Everything you could imagine are on here.  The ease of finding manufacturers and getting in touch with companies that can create products you want to sell.
customer servicer Norma in this company is very good！！ She is a beautiful and strong girl, and she is very patient with my service
Great prices and great customer services.
Good quality , well packing and fast shipping   zera is the best thank you
All types of products available, suppliers are helpful and answer all questions one may have.
I think that Trade Assurance Service helps make you secure about your purchase so I would recommend it highly.
I would recommend because makes sure receive item before closing the delivery
super quick service. Very happy with the sample we recieved.
So far, providers have met.
I made purchase on this website because I thought I would  be protected form seller that sell crappy faulty product and i was not protected instead after waiting 35 days on alibaba to settle the matter I was told I need to go through all the product and take videos of all the one's that doese'nt work, I will never shop on this site again and i will encourage everyone i know to say away from it,
satisf
A better business base that allow those who can to make a living as well and get great support in product creation and help with production.
great service and friendly staff assisting with queries
very cost effective.  shipping was within reason. very happy experience so far
Very professinal and they really understand my need and delivery was promise
fast and simple
Great quality at a wonderful price! I will be placing another order soon!
Because they are not providing us with ANY support. We have shown a product that is defective in 5x ways and they are still refusing to accept that the seller has sold us something that is faulty and not as advertised. We also specified things in the Alibaba Chat as we were told to, so we were protected, and the agent in charge is refuting that. The seller was cunning and said yes in the chat and then changed the order so it doesn't have the extras we specified. We provided proof of this and trade Assurance is not accepting.
I have just recently begun to use Alibaba.com to purchase items for resale online.  Knowing that my orders are safe and secure allows me to spend my money with confidence.  My experience has been all positive.
Because I submitted claims and they have not resolved them for our company
so many steps on the sub menu
this is a great site
Good service.
First off - I order  items  from one  supplier  who could not   complete my order  because  the  order was  small   and  I had to request  for  a  refund  which I still  haven't received  back it has been  16 days .  This  is fair  because  the system accepted  my order  and payment  without  any problems  until  the order was  suppose  to  be  processed.  I also ordered from two other  suppliers  and  shipping  cost was paid  plus I had to pay  the customs fees too.
Because Orders has not arrived
great service and assistance as well as customer support and followup
shipping takes alot longer than expected, but i love the items
Great service.
cant figure out how to make a dispute
It was accurate and fast, easy to communicate with that's why i feel its best.
i have not received my package as yet. plus the standard shipping takes way to long
1) Some items don't come as listed on the site.2) Shipping is too expensive 3) have to buy too many pieces to complete items
If there is a guarantee, it creates trust.
I felt safe all this time during the transaction and the goods were as described. Many more to come!!! Thanks!
Its more secure
Everything is going smooth
Security
confusing
It works
Everything is fine and everything suits me.
It a goog markeplace to purchase products and a many supplies to it.
Effective and secure
easier contact with supplier.
They handle an excellent service that allows my business to keep growing. Thank you very much.
makes me feel secure dealing with overseas manufacturers I don't know.
Very efficient service
No reason. I would have recommend
I never recive my order and i paid the merchandise and the shiping
Great products...Great prices
I want trade assurance
Why I would: It provides security to Indian buyers. Why I would not: The only reason why Trade Assurance is not going to work for serious Indian buyers is that Alibaba assures only if the payments are made through Credit Cards and Indian importers cannot import goods into India with payments made via Credit Card. This is the single biggest problem that Alibaba's team needs to find a work around for regular importers.
Even when the delivery time is exceeded for more than thirty days and the goods not received the insurance Ali Babab is refused to the buyer who has no effective remedy, the insurance alibaba is an illusion
very good service for buyers
totally recomended
You  get what you pay for and when receive you  will like your items
gives me certainty
A lot of Chinese sellers are dishonest. They demand prepayment for the accepted order, and then they do not fulfill the order. I have no method of requesting a refund of a prepaid payment. I will have to cancel your service because it does not guarantee the security of the transaction!
Trade service depends on each compny performance.
It is always a bit risky, because of import taxes, and I have a feeling Chinese traders are very focussed on profit, and sometimes are not afraid to lie to the customer for more profit for that reason the assurance service is very good, but can still be polished for better uses and business ethics
I don't use trade assurance
It's been very convenient to have everything in one place.
Mike offer very good service.As i am a new user.First time to use the laser marking and laser welding machine.He is nice guy to help me even if we have a 12 hour time difference.Good!
It is totally unclear what tot expect from this service.reading the faq.. it is not specific enough to understand the value of it.
Safe transaction and great assurance for the purchasers
ninguna, esta todo bien.
very safety
no
To be sure, that everything will be safe with your goods.
it protects you from fraud which I mean is awesome!
They made  accurately our original.
service given is always good
great guarantee
I like the product
I have not been in the need of use it for a claim but the fact of having this coverage  makes me feel secure on every purchase that I make
pues es rapido y mas que todo es para mayoristas
Its legit and very accurate about shipping and prices
I have had good success ordering from Alibaba.  The price is better and the time to wait is not too bad for a small business owner.
Not enough experience with it yet.
any great reliable service is always worth mentioning to others
I think is a bit overpriced and not every bank card works
There are a lot of scams. Bad people :(
The Dispute process was terrible. A supplier admitted to the goods being faulty, and still Trade Assurance could not assist. The supplier only replied in Chinese, which made it very difficult for me to manage. I am lucky my first dispute happened with a small order. I would never rely on Trade Assurance dispute again as the claims made on your marketing page are false. I am still angry about it.
The interaction of the site is very good, the attention of the suppliers I have had contact with so far is excellent, I would like to improve the site in terms of showing products that are innovative or recent in China that can capture my attention much more than others, and remove so many duplicate products by the same supplier with different selling price
Always excellent service and products.
it is very complicated to pay. much paperwork
because i felt  safety about my purchase
Very user friendly and efficient
protection insurance
ill recommen
Easy to use and I have had good experience with communications and ordering.
Great communication and the product is awesome
simple
Is too good, it will create competition with other business owners
It takes too long to get a refund.
I always recommend Trade Assurances to our offices.
not sure
Trade Assurance is very good and security
Great company  to do business with.
No
I have been using Alibaba since 2003. it has grown to a stable bridge between the USA and China.
na
Great service -- fast shipping!
Respecto a la muestras de ropa. Alguno de los proveedores verificados no respeta los acuerdos escritos que aceptaron cumplir.
some scammers make some things questionable
Most vendors dont respond or understand what you requesting
it helps with trust
is good
i would because it is the ideal destination for business with all business there is risks , but you do a great job in minimizing .
I should be approved for the delayed payment option but I was not and I have many order on Alibaba.
When i made my first transaction,The costumer sales person delivered my order to your warehouse.She toldme you got them lost and coulnt find them ,my order was delay almost 3 weeks plus the time that it take to make a new order,,about 3 more weeks,,i contact to you to see what really happen ,but i never got an answer from you,,the girl seller person from the companywas some and she fix the all problem,,a got my goods but it was stressful..
Its been few month since I places an order as per supplier, the order is shipped in June, and gave me a tracking number, which seems to be bogus as there is no shipping details associated with this tracking #.
wamzn.mws.54b9d05d-ea4e-4d2c-72f1-83c9a7fe0574rbtgfgr
I would recommend it because it is very efficient
I ordered 2 watches that never arrived and yet you guys charged me and said they were delivered.
Falta que integeren mas los procesos de aduana por pais, y controlar mas a las lineas navieras, ya que en mis ultimas compras, la naviera me cobro cuotas excesivas que no tenia contempladas
Safe and reliable, especially as you are trying out new suppliers.
Your money is safe if you use trade assurance.
excellent quality, and fast delivery.
it got ahead of itself for a second I had not received the products when it marked complete.
RECOMMEND
The products have been high quality so far but it still provides peace of mind that Trade Assurance protects my business.
Los productos que he recibido son de muy buena calidad, estoy satisfecho con la atención y compras realizadas.
EXCELENTE SERVICIO
because it provides the security and support of doing business.
i got good service
Communication and order processing efficiency and service
Very good service
_
My order for a record player for $176.56 made on April 27,2020 # 36492151501026659 has not been sent.  I intend to receive this order or have my money placed back into my account.  I am very dissatisfied with this transaction totally.  I am going to use every means to have my money returned or the receiving of this player.
Friendly vendors and fast responses.
FAKE PRICES AND MOQ! NEVER ARE THE THRULY PRICES AND MOQ IS INSANE
I love the assurance that the manufacturers will deliver what they promised and held to a standard.
Llegan rapido los productos que se piden de buena calidad
The Trade Assurance is a great service and it helps build trust between new business partners.
Happy for now
Good for companies that you do not trust.
Not delivery time that was promised
i slicketed HUMIDIFIERA    17/06/2020 (PAYMENT PAYED ON THE SME DAY) after a month  they say that MODIAL  out of order  watied a month  to tell this   I AM REALER  REALEY  NOT  SATISFIED ......
purchase security
they dont help u by getting your money backthey dont tell what u have to to do in order to get a refund
I would Recommend Trade Assuranse Service for security reason in order to trade with another party that we don't know them
Trade Assurance gives me peace of mind. It gives me the Assurance that when I shop on Alibaba and make a purchase i can rest assure my money and my order is safe.
can protect customer
Anything can happen
fast and trusted
Alibaba needs to get a better handle on how its vendors list and sell products. Today I had to cancel an order because the vendor could not ship. Which you know is not true
I would recommend  of third party safe guard of payment from any potential scammers.
security
The sales person was very informative and gave the right quote and price. Timely was done, very well. The shipment was very well packaged and the scooter arrived in perfect condition. Right now everywhere all the flight and shipping companies are in close down because of the Covid19. The shipment arrived in the proximate calculated time period without any damage. The instruction how to put together the parts was very easy. The scooter is working in excellent condition. Thank you for Alibaba to do so smoothly from the order to the end destination and following the shipment with a high quality international business trade background what is giving a high guarantee for the GoodsAdrienne.
NO
confidence
Gives me more safety for import process.
i had a dispute, of which was obvious that the seller is not right and yet i did not get at least some of my money back.
It is very fast and easy, I can really recommend it.
Provider cheated on me ... and mediation doesn't work.
This is the assurance for us customers, in case we are scammed.
So far it has been reliable and it puts my heart at ease a little more. Trade can still be a scary concept and you help me deal with that quite nicely. xièxiè
seemless service
Very cheap and the company I had trade was really nice.They sand us really fast and good products.It is almost perfect trade but the only one sad thing is one of the package is not well packed.So I received some scratched bottles. However the other one is very very well packed and no scratch, perfect quantity.As a result, it is bit risk for japanese company to trade.However you can get very cheap and good quality products if you choose right company.
It's cheap, it's a good experience, it's trustworthy
Quality of goods and non-compliance with warranty conditions
It is not costly at all
It helps people to do international business , and it is  very important. but must be very careful to choose partners , there are scammers companies and persons :(
It safeguard the buyer interest, although alibaba team are not customer friendly or helpful as one wish.
Sometimes, different products were sent to me.
I feel Alibaba mediation has let me down against a seller doing malpractice.In the future I don?t see any reason to pay comissions if that doesn?t provide me protection against this type of seller.
its safty for unknown buyers and unknown sellers wanted to do business
No
i am having problems locating past payment
Not enough experience yet
Excellent Service, platform.Trade Assurance service makes buying and selling safe for both party.Safe payment. Fast delivery. Excellent product.
RECOMIENDO POR ENTREGA A TIEMPO, UN BUEN FILTRO CON LOS VENDEDORES.
no comments
safety is on top priority
i would?
1- some times order get closed without my approval 2- some times sellers put some tricky hidden tricks in it , which is invisible to new buyers
I did order two LED lights from Fuzhou Chenxing Weiye Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.The person who i deal with is Max Bao before i done the payment i ask him if the machine was exatly on the pictures and i ask if is the same brand as was on display which is Devoir machine. He said yesSo i did the payment, a week after i received the machines but Omanle illuminaty brand, TOTALLY different to the ones i order. I did contact Max Bao and he said sorry , to  fix the problem 1- We will refund part of costs, like $80 or $120 and extend the warranty period of the machines to 3 years or 2- We will send you a one piece new DEVOIR machine for free, and bear
its okei
Everything works
n/a
por que hay diversidad de productos pero el problemas es que tan confiable puede ser por los comerciantes por este medio, puesto que en estos momentos tengo problemas con un envió  en aduana y no se por que motivo eso es mi razón pero si es un excelente programa.
I recommend trade assurance when it comes to refund. very convenient!
Not sure due to Some bad experiences.
easy and secure to use
its truthful
I have never used TAS to it's full extent before, that is initiating dispute process and having Alibaba handle the issue. Because I am unaware as to how it may be handled I am only scoring as to what I have already used and TAS  as been very easy and user friendly so far.
..................
I have been very satisfied with my experiences. However, working with trade partners in China has its challenges and isn't for everyone. It takes a lot of time to get a deal worked out, there are communication challenges, shipping times can be lengthy, and shipping costs are expensive. When I consider all factors, and when quantities needed warrant it, trading through Alibaba works for our business, and Trade Assurance makes me more confident to place the order.
none
is trustworthy
Feel I can trust companies and havre trade assurance
Very unclear. Full of scammers.
I think Trade assurance is very good, but its very complicated to understand exactly how Alibaba can help...and have to talk to many people...and sometimes supplier does small tricks which is very complicated to report
yes
good experiences and suppliers
I bought some products I was waiting for ,ore thans 2 months
do not like speaking to computer, would like to contact someone talk to, type , so I can explain problem , I have paid for products & do not know what they are can I get invoice for charge I paid for on 23 May 2020, I have been trying until I cancelled card as do not know transaction.
Not
Still unsure, The clarity with shipping was very frustrating.
Trade assurance helps confidence with delivery abroad
Variety of products
I WOULD RECOMMEND ALIBABA BECAUSE THE SUPPLIER I'M USING RIGHT NOW HAS GOO QUALITY AND LOVELY CUSTOMER REPUTATION.MY ONLY ISSUE IS FLOW IN COMMUNICATING.
Need more protection needed for buyers.
Not user friendly.
GOOD SERVICE
.goods assortment
i like this web
Its safe
Everything is good
I ordered something from a supplier to have it arrive damaged. Wheen I tried to apply for a refund, it wouldn't let me change my account info. The card I ordered it with is no longer active. It said that if the refund failed to be applied to my original payment method that no refund would be issued.
I don't know much. So far, everything went well. my only problem is that some companies don't give honest prices.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it gives protection to the buyers and guarantee the sellers will deliver. I just think Trade Assurance Service still needs to be improve.
Fast easy ordering and great products & service!
Best service
The shipping charges are way too expensive for the time it takes
Only as a recommendation, that they put a FRAGIL label on the shipments, so that the courier company does not mistreat them.
they dont respond
ALLS GOOD
For sure that your products are safe
because i make an order i pay for shipping and the product evriting that the page say then they ask me for more money they have an error but thats nat my fault i pay what they ask
I did not receive my order
Easy to use, very clear information.
I really like the ability to connect with overseas suppliers in a manner that is very simple and safe.  Having Alibaba oversee the transaction makes me comfortable that the supply chain and product support will be there.
Peace of mind know you have some protection when working with unknown companies on the other side of the world.
This is my first time using the interface. I'm not sure why there is an additional charge for my transaction that I have to bear.
helpful
It gives peace of mind to know that i don't have to worry about dealing with the supplier. I like the order creation, tracking process. Everything is very clear and I get notified if there are any changes. Very useful to keep track of many orders.
Your website is easy to use, and your traders are courteous and prompt.
i accept there is problem because of COVID19.but there is no follow up if the order actually received or not by buyerbefore make order completed.
Peace of mind - usually.  But it expires to soon.
I had in the past and actual clear errors from the sellers: the chemical compound was not as promised (in total we had to make 4 protocolled measurements, which turned out to be too expensive : overall a lot of work even if the result is clear, sellers are not hindered in posting false analysis certificates and when the case is closed we can not give comments about this seller to warn other buyersin the actual case we are waiting for weeks now to get a decision if we get a refund. Trade Assurance sounds good for the buyer, but everything is too complicated, too much work, to possibility to contact anyone, some deadlines are too short (actually I am on holiday, I will never be able to react within 2 or 3 days which is sometimes demanded to present pictures or videos)The last refund application was for approx USD 6500 and not for 1000, there is an error at your side!!
commitment from supplier to deliver  the reason why you would or would not recommend Trade Assurance Service
Trade Insurance Service helps me make a decision to buy more quickly from a company. I would not have to do much research of a company before buying.
Trade Assurance doesn't really protect the buyer's rights! We buy stuff and we receive it not complete or damaged or not as per the specifications and we we complain Alibaba.com Orange starts playing on things like Insurance and other directions which has nothing to do with the quality. This way you allow suppliers not to be committed to the minimum standards.
shippig price is high for europe
There is no Consequences for Suppliers that Send Inverioir or Bad Products. so what use is Trade insurance.?
no
..
Еще не до конца все проверил.
I can not figure out how to communicate with you concerning the arrival of Order No. 45235587001024134 which has not arrived.  I have communicated with the supplier but they have shipped ocean carrier and it takes longer than the period you allow for.
I asked for refunded but now body care  and the process is not clear .
security
My machines were delayed an whole project stalked by chninese suppliers who dont now to make proper invoice which have correct information which is available on alibaba.
Like the quality
order shipment was quick
Easy to use, reliably.
Trade Assurance Service is a guarantee for the buyer.
Its simple an love it
nope
We have a little change for order
It's perfect, you feel security in your transaction.
I think it's good for me.
A mi me gusta
Great Customer Service.
Good service
is good
because I never received y order and I have provided proof that the package bearing the tracking number has been distributed to another person.
it made things very easy and I feel comfortable that order will be right
ok
Trade assurance
it ok! but when refund too late.
Great system for communications.
I received an order that sizing was all irregular.
Mainly to guarantee payment for a certain period, until the arrival of the product and the security of the transaction on both sides.
Trade assurance offered zero help to me when I needed it during a return dispute and continued to extend the time frame for decision. No intervention or assistance was provided. Facilitating the process I was on my own and lost $300 on the device plus another $300 in shipping. $600 loss to return this item. Terrible
Very Good
excelente
I would recommend the service because the products I have received thus far have met and in some cases exceeded my expectations
the respond from the selleers
I would recommend Alibaba to any customer or business. Great customer service and delivery service.
Adds a feeling of security.
I would recommend to choose Alibaba because they are helpful and professional.
I would recommend it because it's great
Adds a layer of security dealing with unknown suppliers
Everything's GREAT
I wu;d recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is an added protecion between the buyer and the vendor.
great service and security
I do recommend it.
better postage options
speedy delivery
just in case the buyer need a refound o any support by failures the shipping company,  the buyer don have any support
im really satisfied with Alibaba because my products arrive in my house and this products work very well
Alibaba services and features are good. But, when I ask a price quote, suppliers send a photo and price. How can I evaluate a product like robotic arm with a photo and price. Almost all of them trying to quote and sell like they are selling potetos. Even, potetos can not be sold, with only a photo and price. We need  thecnical data sheets and proffesional PI with price, delivery, warranty, shipment conditions and so on. Sometimes, I ask them to send an e-mail for evaluation of custom tax and shipment cost, before we give an order. Then they send e-mail, but their names on  Alibaba, and on e-mails are different and I had difficulty which one send me this e-mail. To use a name on Alibaba site and on E-mails should be same and we give orders over Alibaba.
ya pasaron 5 días desde que presente mi reclamo y no responden
Very easy and you can trust your service.
Many fakers here. They are just like ebayers. Not real manufactures. Most scammers and cheaters. All fake certificates and photoshop photos.
because it give me a peace of mind when the seller is dishonest
NA
NEED HELP WHEN YOU HAVE A DISPUTE
because gives security to the customers
good customer service
I have had more problems with communicating and sellers meeting my needs. They will tell you yes to everything at first but then get your entire order incorrect. I would prefer a seller tell me they don't understand or they aren't comfortable doing a job then them getting it wrong and making me pay for the mistakes. Sellers also aren't clear about a lot of the materials and products they use and on the clothing items it will list one thing then you receive and the material is completely different.
Great service customer friendly
Easy usage but sets order to "receipt" after 30 days without goods being received in Europe.
The commercial warranty service fails because you have not yet received the product and the 30-day warranty is already running. I think it should be extended to more days.
because I have a problen with the provider
No
I believe its a safer way to manage payments and job details.
It gives you some assurance on the seller
Very efficient and easy to use
NA
I assure my purchase
I thought alibaba backs the buyers in case seller or supplier failed to keep promises. Supplier promised the delivery in 20 days. And supplier took 80 days to deliver the goods. Because of supplier i lost my clients, prices went down in 80 days. Supplier kept on lying about the order and kept on sending me different documents which were never shared to me before. I complained  alibaba about that. Alibaba refused to help. I even sent the screen when seller promised to deliver the goods in 20 days. I would never ordered the goods if i knew supplier is going to take so long to deliver the goods. I don't have any faith in Alibaba now. I ordered so much stuff through alibaba. But now i don't
easy and secure
Because you can be sure purchase will be handled safely.
With Trade Assurance, your money is safe and will be refunded when you decide not to go ahead with the purchase or dissatisfied with a purchase. so i recommend trade assurance
No audit is done on the suppliers after payment. The supplier always send fake or faulty stuff
NOT APPLICABLE
At the moment I have only performed one operation and I do not think I have enough experience to be able to recommend
Payment methods. I have reached
I would
safe
Good that you have some cover but I have found Alibaba will side with the seller if there is any disputes. Finding a trustworthy seller is best option but this can take time.
to be trustable for both sides
No payment terms available
It works and give you a sense of security
I recommend it because they are very responsible and fulfilled with deliveries on time.
Some of the agents are not very helpful and at times the app freezes the factories take a long time to ship and fill the orders and I have not received a couple of the orders I was expecting like I never received the product ever!
I have an issue that needs to be resolved
really good experience
everything seem to work well
for safety
The software very complete and very good service of suppliers
no
thanks allot
Security and flexibility in payments.
Plenty and reasonable prices of products.
I had reservations about ordering through this website but found it an easy purchase, came as predicted, just like ordering through a normal selling site.
feels secure
The supplier was very friendly and helpful at the time of the order. At the receipt of the goods the absolute horror. The quality is just horrible! The so-called straight hair is actually hair with wave that is brushed !!!!!!!! Indeed after noticing the shape of the wig that looked like a dead animal I washed the wig to see its shape and that's when I really found that it's not a straight wig. Moreover, if you enlarge the photos of the provider sent on WhatsApp you can see the shape of the waves. The lace is as big as the one used to make dancer tutus! And finally there was the presence of a hundred lice eggs !!! Awful!!!  The seller is hypocritical and has only tried to save time for the warranty not to work. A very bad experience.
Doesn't assure anything.
i can recommend alibaba .com///............................................................................................................................................
It garanty a sure ptotection of our data & money
Interface is confusing. Too many menu I don't use.
There is no safety here, byers get tricked and cheated and you don't care!!!!! even eBay is much better than alibaba
safety purpose...
I can find good products and a simple way to contact the supplier and to hase a secure shipment
It's a safe way to do business
En Fran?ais!
Its a great service, please try to update your phone app specially IOS, in old models like Iphone 6S & Iphone 7 its very creepy, page does not go up and down very smoothly. rest all fine.
Not applicable
Fast and good explanation of goods.
I was very happy with the deal
Not reliable suppliers and the majority have wrong price and never updated on Alibaba, when you contact them, price will always change to higher
i never used to solve a dispute so far
no solution
order is automatically completed even when i havent received order yet. the assurance time is too short for sea shipments
trade assurance goves some guarantee on service & product supplied as well as user feedback
had a problem whit a provider lie me, dont send me the items, then he send me in time out of my needs, and thats was a big problem have to buy it, even I had buy for other seller, and have two time the order, out of the time, in bad price, I exposed the problem and alibaba benefit the irresponsable. not the offected.
The customer service is fantastic. Suppliers always reply and provide very good support throughout purchasing.
Excellent range of product options with secure and reliable  ways to connect with suppliers/manufactures.
Because I find evrything I need and is safety to pay throught alibaba
it is easy to conmunicate with suppliers
Trade Assurance always work in favor of the seller and not the buyer, have had problems with the orders before.
Because it?s better to have a warranty that you won?t lost your money, you can have tranquility and be more confident doing business with new suppliers.
You withdrew trade assurance before I got my shipment.  It was of no use to me
The difficulty is dealing with vendors from India or Indonesia.. because I guess a lot of them aren't able to transact on alibaba or PayPal for some reason..
no reasons
I get quotes very fast, and it is easy to communicate with suppliers.
Very easy to navigate the site.  Suppliers are responsive - very please with all of my orders.
I will recommend
they haven't helpmeet with this order at all
my first experience with Alibaba was great, although after my most recent search for a new line of 5g cell phones to test was very labor intensive. once finding the product I wanted to test the supplier I spoke with couldn't provide the information requested. then seeing that I had to work out the shipping logistics, being new to the process it was to much to understand. this could had been answered by the supplier easily.also i tried to use the RFQ fuchion and it wouldn't take my produte input for the sourcing request.so was very frustrating as there are many items i'm in the market for E Bikes, cell phones, vaping supplies, ect.
I feel it is a Safe way to make payments.
I got screwed on my order and alibaba trade assurance did nothing. They didnt even award me the 100 that they said they would
Cannot beat the prices and the ability to customize items and quantity.
It’s a great website
Safty
I will recommend
i think the fee is too high
the process is not easy to follow
difficult to navigateNot user friendly
n/a
la plataforma maneja muy buenos proveedores y es algo muy segro por lo que lo recomendaria a otros empresarios de mi pais
ok
na
very easy to use. Has everything you need in one site!
PARA EVITAR FRAUDES EN TUS COMPRAS
Up to now never received my order
I do not know what Trade assurance Services actually mean or offer.
Because your service is reliable
no sé inglesdeberian hacer que estas preguntas esten en espa?ol
I always feel protected. When dealing in different countries where there is a language barrier, knowing I have Trade Assurance makes my decision making less stressful
I would like to recommend Trade Assurance, because it is a very good tool offered by Alibaba to al users and it is a guaranty between the suppliers and the customers
large range of products and a secure and safe way to make large purchases
I needed the alibaba team to help me with an issue of not delivered product I bought, and they gave the case satisfaction to the seller who didnt refund or delivery my product, hope I will never more need the alibaba team to help me out, which ones doesnt pay attention to the details they ask us to prove in the complaint form. its a shame theres professionals like that, and me like customer, had to loose to learn it.
Too many extra charges.
I would because my experiences were very good. The sellers responded to my concerns in a timely manner and my orders were received in a timely fashion.
Great communication, easy ordering.
La seriedad de los vendedores y el respaldo de Alibaba
Because all now I don't get my package frm wen
safe!!
it is more safe is still the merchandise
Alibaba has a big list of available products and have a great security to care your inversion
Package arrived in time and the communication was excellent
I am a private company, and I have recently spent money and ordered samples for my own private hair beauty line but after i received the samples and liked them, the sending company from alibaba says they are no longer available. So I waste my money and time it takes to get here, only to have them say, they cannot offer the ones I tested and they will send something else!!!I will never recommend this company. Now I have spent over $5000 in product i will  never get!
Gives you the trust for new businesses
Lots of scam taking place in this site. I have been scammed 4 times and have not received my refund
i do not this term
My order is not delivered and I cannot get the supplier.
Is so good to know that you?re supported by an intermediary platform while you make international buys.
The shipper didnt respect the shipping time instead of one week that he engage to do he delivered 4 weeks later
well everything in shape
The shipment takes so long for certain vendors.
I would recommend it cause with trade assurance your money will be safe.
response rates are slow for the persons selling online. there should be a penalty or delisting of companies that have a history of not respondingthe alibaba site is hard to navigate.
Always nice to have extra insurance for your merchandise.
It works. For both sides.
its products the customer during paying the products
fast shipping
Hard to use and know exactly what your end cost will be with shipping and how to pay for it with no delays.
It's safe and secure!!!
Trade assurance did not:1.  give buyer enough days to cover (sellers lead time) and shipping days by UPS carrier.2. sent buyer confirmed receipt of delivery when delivery had not happened.3. this placed hardship between buyer and purchaser trying to locate goods. and delivery for ontime product.
easy sourcing
I would because it's a great way to start or continue online business and or person to person business
I hadn't had to use it yet. But the idea is good.
i would choose the trade assurance is more safe
I made a claim request for full refund for 2 of my transaction. And the screen was close and never bring me the opportunity to send the proper documents that the USA custom border sent to me. to deny the entrance of the watches because was illegal with out the country of origin.
I feel safe but I would like you to upper the insurance amount
It allows me to customize the contract and it protects me from suppliers who do not deliver.
I would recommend - payment secuity.
lovely factory - felt confident ordering & very pleased with the product xx
good
I will know if it is good when I will really have a problem and you really have to pay me till then It is just  a sort of hope
You are very weak on how you handle disputes outside the contract period. You are also quick to pay suppliers leaving customers exposed.
its not helpful...no one has helped me
Je parle Fran?ais, je re?ois les messages en Anglais et en Chinois.J'ai acheté quelque chose le 6 juin, je n'ai toujours pas re?u. J'ai acheté en Express,et le vendeur m'a expédié en normal...J'ai acheté ailleurs avant et l'usine m'a dit qu'elle ne produisait plus ce produit, mais ils le mettent en vente tout de même, les frais n'ont pas été remboursé...Non trés dé?u de votre société, 50 jours et je ne suis toujours pas livré.
its good
is awesome
This program offers great security for oversea businesses.
The service is easy to use.
Assurance is sensful if items are lost
HI
Easy communication with the supplier . Ordered received as mentioned .
High fees
Not the easiest to place an order with suppliers
No problems.
Great service!
I have odred form one of supplier KORG KROMOS,, send them a money, and now i still did not received ma instument even supplier told me that i will receive it with DHL in 4-5 days.
The best and very reliable system Very convenient easy for use
I have made many purchases and am please with the ease of ordering.
very fast and responsible
You sent me an email saying that since I hadn't acknowledged receipt, you were going to assume I had received the product , and cancel my opportunity of a refund.  That is ridiculous.  I understand current shipping delays and I was patiently waiting for the product.   You had no reason to assume I had received it.  When I went to the UPS site to track the shipment, UPS said it had been cancelled.  I then filed for a refund, necessitated by your actions.  That turned out to be an error at UPS.  They have since updated tracking information and the product seems to be at a hub ~100 miles from me.  If this information is correct, I should have my shipment no later than Tue.  When I receive it I will send an ackowledgment.This has been a very bad first  experience of ordering through Alibaba.  I don't know if I want to try it again.  Things would have been fine if you hadn't made unfounded assumptions.
some contacts like Lanbowan does not send information on how to order
Trade assurance puts my mind at ease for transacting online
I have requested a refund through an agreement with my provider, and it has not reached my account number.
just started,need more to know
shipping fee are too high.
the time and the security
is my first buy
OK PERFECT
Still new to process but happy with how things have worked so far.
is ok
N/A
I haven't had any issues so far. It is supposed to work that way, so that is a good thing and therefore I have no complaints.
is very good
I have purchased orders and i have had to open disputes because i have not gotten what i ordered or i have not even gotten the product and when i have both times it was a headache.  This last order was ordered in april and i opened a dispute in july and i was told by alibaba that i had to wait... not right when your a business.. Stop protecting just the seller.. And u do..They have had my money for months and i am being charged that money on my credit card which i can now never get back... I have found other sites that have been much better to deal with.  I will be ordering a few things but not like i was hoping because of the bad customer assistance.
Great Item
Global trade made easy and effective with security
I Would Recommend This App .
I would recommend Trade assurance Service ,because it is convenient and affordable. The seller was  patient and very knowledgeable of the product that she was selling.
Lo recomendaría por las garantías que se tienen con alibaba.com al comprar con los diferentes proveedores.
Trade assurance never works. It is too difficult to claim anything on trade assurance.
Fast service, and protection of my orders
Trade Assurance ensures suppliers adhere to honest and strict business practices.
It works well
Very easy to use
Eva has exceptional customer service. Her communication is very prompt and she kept in touch with me throughout my order process. I recieved my jars just as they were described. I will continue to do business with this company. Thank you!
ALIBABA is a platform that stimulates the international market and generates business opportunities and business growth.
IT OFFERS GUARANTEE THAT SUPPLIERS PROVIDE WHAT THEY SAY THEY WILL AND IF THEY DO NOT, THERE IS THE ASSURANCE OF BEING REIMBURSE
I would like to know the following please - The products I order are shipped directly to the Amazon warehouse in the US.So when the trade assurance order is complete, what happens if we later find that there is a problem with the products? Are we still covered by the trade assurance?Please answer my question aboveMy username email - support@dreative.co
well for first time users you need to make sure there is a way to get back your money if something goes wrong
BECAUSE THEY HAVE COMPLIED WITH THE DELIVERY OF MY PRODUCT AND I WILL BE ON TIME
Because it gives reliability of receiving the product or refund of not receiving it
no
you have to be careful not everything is what it seems but the seller of my product I consider reliable so far
The Trade Assurance did not responded to me. The seller sent the merchandise to a wrong address and i never received my order. I lost the money and the merchandise.
there was a blub missing and its hard to find E14 candle dimmable blub here.
they deliver the product in a timely fashion and the products are made with better quality
good service and ability to contact new suppliers with confidence
seems good idea
Me han cobrado y no pueden enviar el producto, ha pasado un mes y recien dice para devolver el dunero y yo no tengo cuenta paypal, le pedí que envíe el producto para no perder mi denero pero no quiere.
,,,
Not interested in giving an opinion
-
Made very easy to work with
PERFECTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT  SERVICE
shipping quality and quantity
Alibaba is a wonderful place to shop if you own a business or if you just want to shop for yourself and loved ones
I am satisfied however can you please make sure that the seller is really shipping the items on time and not just giving labels with tracking number but in reality they haven't shipped the items yet.
its a great service !
It is not necessary for the price.
I said I would.
You have to be sure that the companies in your platform are offering merchandise that they have in stock or available.
The process from order paid to receiving goods can be a bit long, but I know this has to do with the suppliers.
Very approachable sales manager. can communicate in English. Accommodate our orders and very flexible in MOQ. Fast shipping and well packed. True to the product they're selling.
trade assurance is a must have
After service is bad
Very nice!
Cos the responses are fast
no comment .
purchase with confidence.
I live in Thailand and my order arrived and got completed in shenzhen and the payment got released to the seller
Some of the hair that I've received has not been the quality that I would've hoped for
very good
I never had to use it, but I like knowing it is there for my protection. I don't worry as much when ordering. I feel secure.
Ease of use.
Services are very slow & as an independent small business owner I'm losing customers. Shipping & handling is extremely high so therefore my shipment should be on my door step within 5 days. Poor poor service.
Ya
I haven't used it enough to really understand it
it is good
i would reccomend trade assurance as it is safer and can avoid fraud
Material not shipped due to COVID-19 restrictions.
N/A
I would, It is an assurance, thats why
confidence in shopping
Because when I open a dispute and inform with fully evidence pictures and also insurance report that a machine arrives to my warehouse fully damage, dispute team after so long time close my case and told me "sorry we can not do anything for you"Sincerily I am fully dissapointed with that treat from dispute team
Has a big variety of products and safe payment .
Got exactly what I wanted, Vendor was very nice.
they send me cheap version of whatever was on their website, and I disputed that oredr but Alibaba didn't do anything,
charge is very expensive
trusted
frequent notification and quick response time
Easy to understand
good
Trade assurance is like an insurance policy for your orders
I would recommend it because I always felt protected while making a purchase, especially as a first time buyer. My experience has been great so far, I have even used the service to get a refund for some orders that arrived broken etc and it was a fast and user friendly experience.
it takes time to learn how to deal with suppliers. some are hard to communicate with and some do not follow through well.eg. making an order and paying then being told they do not have stock in some items and that you will not receive an item till your next order.
Too difficult to communicate in chinese
different sizes from different vendor, in need of more american sizes and also real product pictures
I did not need the dispute process so I don't know if I would recommend it or not
I have only used it to order a sample so far. Not enough experience with it.
The purchase through alibaba is very safe, there is a lot of security and constant information about the shipment.
It not just about product price and quality we have to worry. It also the shipping charge by seller, the rate is always super high,,,
Con trade assurance nos garantizan que el producto llegue a tiempo y de calidad.
It is good to have that assurance. It builds trust.
When spending money internationally, one wants to feel safe and Trade Assurance does that.
We received bad materials after 2 months shipping.... Alibaba was not able to arrange any agreement between us and seller and we lost all our money. So insurance was absolutely unuseful
Alibaba does not honor their Trade Assurance coverage for defective products.
Some of the seller's post prices but do not honor those prices. They say that the prices posted are just for reference.Some sellers make you think you are getting a good price but then try to overcharge on shipping.shipping is based on weight.when you do find an honest seller and you know how much you paid for shipping based on weight then the other seller charges you more money for less weight you know they are not being honest.
because is perfect.
I am quite new to Alibaba and have not had enough usage as of yet to fully recommend website and its services to others just yet.
Great prices and fast shipping.
Website is reliable to buy
Automatically marks products as received even though I have not received them.-
I don't trust to get the delivery.
Because is one of the most secure b2b platform and ease of use
safety for the small business
The description that the disturbed had on the add was not what was delivered.  They promised a new
The product doesn't work
Seguridad y confianza
So far has worked....
I would order more but not right now. The shipping is expensive. I'll wait until it becomes cheaper
would because save
Very professional
I feel like as a customer, i am very well-protected. I recommend Alibaba always to my friends and family.
good service
Trade Assurance Service - a guarantee that you will not be deceived
It's a  recommendable service.
Need to more easy access
THANK YOU
Las disputas no las resuelven justos , siempre dan beneificio al vendedor.
I like it, but it's costly.  All of the vendors I've considered using have all offered substantial discounts if I make purchases off of your platform.
I would recommend having trade assurance. Leaves me with peace of mind knowing my products are protected.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because its a great way to ensure you order will be delivered to you in the fastest and safest way.
One of my vendors didn't pay his customs s license taxes and I need a refund because I had to endure that cost I only received the goods one week ago and he cancel before I can make a complaint
Easy to track.
Customer service unable to solve any problemsTrade assurance biased to the point of corruption FUck you
All right until now
I do not know much about that service.
Security of funds, reasonable rates.
too many sellers with in correct pricing.product page is useless since pricing and conditions change by chatting with seller.
great service
N
Easy and quick method of payment that is extremely secure.
Has indicated my order being completed yet I am still waiting to receive my shipment
Transparency and peace of mind. The only thing I don't like is your response to dispute take like forever.
Maybe once and a while it will help???  Not in my case so far.
all my purchases have arrived before time, they have been safe, of quality, very satisfied and I will continue buying here
.
Yes i would recommend great benefit for business
I don't feel comfortable sending my money through a wire transfer. I have no assurance that the transaction is guaranteed. Whenever I want to place an order I get a message from the vendor to switch correspondence through WhatApp. They tell me Alibaba.com Guarantees aren't in effect because of Coronavirus. I want to spend a lot of money for my business, but see a real lack of monetary oversight. I will not use a money transfer though Western Union, etc. because I don't know with confidence that I'll get the product I've spent a lot of money on
I am secured and safe that the supplier will comply with the agreement we had and i will not get scammed by paying online since i know that the payment will go through allibaba first and i have to confirm that i received the shipment
Does what you want
Just to help others
Trade Assurance is rejected even when I don't receive what I ordered.
i would cause i feel safe trading
i have been requesting a refund for a package that I never received, I paid $310 for masks on April 24th and it is now 44 days later and I do not have the package or the refund. Not a nice way to treat a customer, I'm still waiting for my money to be returned to me,
You always need a Trade Assurance Service to buy in CHINA. Now, I saw that EC certificate of supplier is false.
Trade assurance is for the seller. Sellers can send styles of there choosing not discussed.
The services provided by Alibaba were satisfactory. Vivir was helpful, timely, and made the process easier than expected.
Que se comuniquen en espa?ol
There is a kind of protection for the customers
I highly recommend it because it gives a high standard of security to international transactions.
Pls we want to incrire our company sho me where we feell our company details
Me encanta compra en Alibaba, sus proveedores sn muy atentos y se preocupan por sus cliente. siga asi
Every time i try to speak with someone with trade assurance, they ask me to contact them on whats app and will not deal directly through your website. You should have an option to filter those companies who can take payment through your website, this way I know which business are genuine
buttons and commands keep showing in a weird language even its specified to English
No refund to me
I would. It seems save to use and for western buyers it is an insurance that feels good at least. Luckily i did not need it yet, but i will use it again.
Charges by Some suppliers are a lot and also includes your charges
I would definitely recommed Trade Assurance Service to others.Seems safe and secure. I was nervous at first as it was my first time using it but then everythinhg went well.
Trade assurance gives extra security
Trade Assurance is the only way we can check our products and be rest assure that whatever we are ordering is a reliable product.
because it gives insurance to the buyer in case there is a problem with transaction
Trade Assurance service is very good
It is a good service that gives you comfort and security when ordering.
all very good
For me as a privat person, it?s to complicated. And the company i have ordered , sorry no command.
.
don't offer good buyer protectionno real quality of screening supplierinterface bad
I never got my refud back even after a whole month, and i am still waiting. This is ridiculous.
you don't have authenticated hair vendor. they don't originate from the same region of the hair. if I order Brazilian hair I want the vendor to be from Brazil
Alibaba is the best plateform of business, we satified 100%.
it protects me as a buyer
Shipping was faster than I expected and the communication was great between me and the seller. If there was ever something out of stock they let me know right away and gave me other options.
...
I don't have any experience with the service guarantee, all my orders have been successful.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it gives you a peace of mind , you can also track your product every step of the way, confirm its sent and recieved.
the sellers are professional and easy to work with
You feel very safe
I will recommend Trade assurance service because I'm sure that if something goes wrong I'll take my money back.
He is amazing! I love working with this company products always ships fast.
excellent process of purchase
They Were Awesome
all my products either came brokn or scratched,
I love it overall. I dont like that alibaba assumes a shipment has arrived on time and closes it out when it has not been delivered yet.
I like the fact that Trade Assurance helps keep purchases safe.  However, creating contracts could be a lot easier if there was more information and instruction available, possibly a template for contracts.
It is the great opportunity for us to get a chance to approve the product first before paying for it.
the product was as desired
I love the quick service.
Easy to use
The product was as described and shipping/receipt was fast.
Helps the buyer to feel more secure about what they are purchasing.
It is a wonderful service and I would recommend it to others as a conservative way to start your import business.
The service is amazing and you find all kind of suppliers.
The upcharges are excessive and too expensive.
n/a
i haven't recieved the product yet when i ordered in march, may be due to corona but poor response from seller
i bought 4 items on the advert the company had ,it say they come with EEC/OCC certified plus vin number on the motor bikes i bought but wheen they arrived they was no paperwork /no vin number .so i asked your trade aussurance team if they could help i bought theses item in feb 12 .i sent them every thing but this is how stupid they are ,i complain on the 15 april when the arrived in the uk to my house they was no paperwork i give the comapny 4 days to sort it out they said a extra $50 per bike i said ok .but after 4 days nothing ,so chatting to your team .they asked the company about the paperwork on the17 april.and they keep on saying tthat the company had told me the items o bought didnt come with paperwork , but here in the uk you need this to rgister the bikes .and i asked why didnt they tell me about it befoore it bought them .
I feel confident with Alibaba Trade Assurance
A lot of SCAMER profil are into Alibaba, A lot of profil who sell false product into Alibaba and your systeme upgrade are not reliable!!!!
I was expecting to set instead of one, the vendor try to convince me that i am wrong, anyway this is the last time using this website.
I can't find mobile sellers
It protects you and the company you work with
excellent, secure, varied service
seem like a good way to know i will get my product, adds a level of trust, especially when we are on oposite sides of the planet
The shipping process wasn't professional. I was going back and forth and had to pay extra
My problem has not been resolved. Here, only the seller is protected, the buyer is on his own! Nobody adheres to the contract.
Service was good.
The description of most of the goods is inaccurate and unclear, in addition to the cost of delivery of the goods is totally irrational & the goods that are not available are not removed from the offer & there are some commodities in which the price difference is neither reasonable nor satisfactory
Everything went well.
Trusted and easy to use
I would recommend highly!
consumer safety
Security for both the seller and the customer.
It gives a huge trust feeling when doing business with international companies. Normally you have the feeling for scams. With Trade Assurance there's no trust issues anymore.
It is an added security for the customer
no
Alibaba garantee us a safe transaction.
I think its a excellent service and make me confident in ordering products.
it helps us make business much more easily
Easy to deal through and great selection of companies and products.
is easy
It took over 60 days to get an order that was promised in 5 days. 1 package was delivered 30 days after the 1st 2 packages were delivered and they were 30 days late to begin with, No help at all from the vender or Alibaba. I will never spend another dime with any one from Alibaba
I would recommend trade assurance as it is a fast and reliable way of placing your orders. It is stress free and very trust worthy, I would 100% recommend everyone to use this to avoid disappointment when paying. Fast and very professional, very impressed! :)
Very quick communication and customer service
I love it
Haven't received product yet
it was easy to find stuff on Alibaba, and trade assurances etc helps out a lot. small businesses like myself, can buy things without travelling.  and it helps small businesses to sell direct. what a lovely service.  i am very happy that Alibaba exists
si lo recomendaria por la seguridad
Yes
There are many scammers on Alibaba.com as Gold Supplier. I got $950 scammed by a supplier.
I am about to use it for the first time.
it is very easy to communicate.
the pricing is good but not the production time.
works out very well
good
Is safe and secure
i havent had to use the service yet so i cannot say how my experience is until i have had to utilise it.
It gives me security of getting a good product
I found placing an order on Alibaba very, very confusing.
very nice
N/A
for sure i recommend  trade assurance service to keep trading safe and secure , my problem is when the supplier dont accept trade assurance then i mostly look for  supplier who  accepted .
Is safe
Nothing
Por que esta de acuerdo a ley y hace respetar a los usuarios.
good service
I?m not sure if I?m fully understanding the site use. I feel more comfortable buying in eBay or Amazon because is direct buying. No negotiation
Always having to cancel orders because sellers want more money than quoted. Its a loss of time and AB does not refund service charge.
I would recommend Trade Assurance just because I am new to this type of ordering and there are cultural and language differences which may cause me to make a mistake or be mistaken.  This gives me reassurance that someone will assist me if I have problems with an order.
It is difficult to communicate with suppliers and ask what I need.
The terms of Trade Assurance have not been met. I was told I could return a product due to quality issues within a certain time frame. But because the representatives take longer than the allowed time to make a decision on a claim, that 30 day time frame expires due to their lack of timely communications. Trade Assurance is worthless and the "Superior team" is worthless and should all be fired for incompetency. I provided so much evidence for my claim yet they were unable to make a decision. Will never do, or recommend, using Trade Assurance again.
because of automatic order status changingi didnot get the order and alibaba closed it automaticly and marked as received !!!!!!!!!!!
I like itIntuitiveFew supplierYou find almost anything
No
Really good prices!!!
made it much easier to get the services/supplies we require
Good
Very easy to use, trade assurance, helpfull tool.
Because I think they are very responsible
Because I got scammed out of 1400 by one of your suppliers
SHIPMENT TRACKING NEEDS TO BE IN ENGLISH. I HAVE BEEN HAVING TROUBE WITH KNOWING WHEN MY PACKAGES WILL ARRIVE.
It provides buyers with a sense of trust
the best bussiness on the world
I would recommend as it ensures that you wont get scammed.
Payment security, since my money is not considered lost or at risk
I have not received shipment since April.
Very difficult to deal with these merchants they are constantly trying to get over on us in the USA don't like those business practices.
Seller don't have rescepct to company buyer and often offer bigger price on Alibaba them on AliExpress for the same product and for bigger quantity of requested product! This is some kind of cheating and they think that we would not check price on the other side! After that you must do a lot of negotiation - but way we need that - we all together have less and less time and time is most precious think for people! Thanks!
Sometimes sending an order takes a little bit long.
you should make the mobile app a little more stable on iOS
Buying with confidence
Alibaba in my short experencie is a reliable service, especially when you just begin in the China bussines world.
I am dealing with a company in the last 2 months about a delivery of 3 boxes, one of them never came and they don't want to give the money back
Trade Assurance is a safety net for buyers and the assurance that their interests are protected by Alibaba.
trust is important in any transaction. This gives you more confidence when using the system.
Refund should be applied back 100% to credit card used, including your % fee.  Not thru bank transfer which is expensive and will not get full 100% refund.
Response of sellers  sometimes very slow.
I haven't used it
I recommend TRade Assurance Service because it helps me to make transaction without being afraid of fraud
It is never really helpful
ITS A GOOD OPTION TO BUY EVERYTHING
I havent received my order yet.
safty
for warranty and protection.
Highly recommend Trade Assurance Service. Fast and safe.
Not on the buyers side
No
have not received products no customer service
Excellent products and service
I have only made one order. I have not had to use the trade assurance yet so I cannot comment on how effective it is.
While the support is always friendly and satisfying, everytime there is a dispute alibaba is 90% on the side of the supplier.
it is a fair place to do business, very nice experience with chinese people
it is really complicated
I have purchased items here for six years now and have has a few issues but twice now sellers have sent a fake product. the first time it was handled and takes weeks to get a refund now this time again it has taken weeks just to get a response and they want lab tests which will most likely take more time and money than the product is valued at. This is a scam. It;s insulting that after six years of using the same product that I cannot tell what it is?
The supplier made me pay kosher fees on the goods, customs to inspect my electric motorcycles and I end up with an invoice of $ 1600 especially not working with this person !She doesn't answer the phone and will try to rip you off as soon as possible.
still have not received my orders
When ordering, a pop-up window pops up twiceI ordered it twiceI quickly asked to cancel my first order,I have experienced an inevitable situation by ignoring this at the supplier and promptly dispatching both orders.
I feel much more protected, many suppliers are not very correct
Would recommend as my transactions went well.
I don't know why Alibaba doesn't support the trade assurance to Egyptian Addresses.
Fast transaction. reliable platform.
busy too much in our real shops and groups...
it helps if we have a bad order
to get the verivication code is allways dificult. yesterday I couldn`t enter the whole day.
You have a very well set up platform
Trade assurance  gives you confidence with your transactions.
It was great
Assurance is critically important for the international trade.
because i get what i want  and get satisfied
prompt responses and followed through with order with honesty and integrity
safe
Your customer support service is great, but the suppliers is the problem.I've used Alibaba already two times in the past month and I'm finding myself again dissatisfy with the product I've paid for.Your suppliers either not honest or they don't understand English in a way that an agreed order is being fulfilled exactly according to what has been agreed.For now I don't think I will be using your service in the nearest future again.
Terrible support from alibaba you only care about the money in your pocket
can protect me from business
this is my first time using alibaba to order item from china and so far I think I'm scammed because it almost 3 month now and I still did not get my orders and Alibaba customer service won't  help customers. When I open a dispute and escalate it- Alibaba would always close the case in sellers favor even though the tracking shows the item is no delivered. Very disappointing, very dishonest.
Good price, fast response
Its safe pay , easily to get what you want
Security.
I recommend because you can be safe for any problem
It was an absolute failure.  I will NEVER recommend Alibaba to anyone, in fact I will actively recommend Amazon or other such platforms rather than this.  Your "Verified Vendors" are complete trash, even "Trade Assurance" was totally useless.  I am so disappointed in my experience on Alibaba and will make sure everyone I know who is interested to shop online will not use it.From beginning to end it was such a nightmare, I wanted to give it a chance but in the end it proved to be a waste of time.  I placed my order and gave payment a month ago and still have not received my items.  The vendor is an idiot who doesn't take initiative, doesn't communicate properly, doesn't respond in a timely manner with relevant information despite multiple follow ups, doesn't apologise for delay or inconvenience... etc.  Alibaba customer support could only point me in the direction of "dispute", but the result I want is to receive my products and not refund my money.
very secure
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it keep both buyer and seller safe with there money
No
beautiful variety of products,you can find anything you want here.
safety and quickly
Alibaba offers lots of choice but can be difficult to negotiate small quantities with suppliers.  Many aspects can also get "lost in translation" so arriving at a suitable solution can be a frustrating process.  However, if you do your research and ask lots of questions then it can be a great tool for business.
Navigating the website is a bit challenging.
very satisfied
i will recommend I like this company
Good user experience, great marketplace
Hello.The seller need to possible send own invoice.As I know, the seller unable to send 'own' invoice,so this maybewe (seler and buyer) like turn around the Alibaba.But I like (more over: I need) real invoice. Not only a screen information about payment.This is very unpleasant.We have more trust, pay for an invoice, not only screen information...Thank you!
Peace of mind
I am disappointed with the level of service after numerous communications with Alibaba I was forced to pay more money to a company to get another unsatisfactory order instead of a full refund as promised by Alibaba Trade Assurance policies.If you want me to continue to use your service you should seriously address how you communicate with those that use your service.
It has been a pleasure so far! Keep up the good work!!!!
easy and secure payment with credit card. records of transaction on the website.
service and you can find out what ever you need
I always issue a trade assurance order. But I did not have to apply this.
Trade Assurance is a great service, if you want to be safe in this business, use trade assurance.
Some of the products advertised are not available. They should be pulled from the site.
i think is a secure payment plattform, but i'm not sure about the shipping time
because my experience with alibaba trade assurance was not good they take unfair side of own chinees supplier or manufacturer. alibaba said to me if inspection is done then you are responsibe for quality loss for remaining products.
Good experience , satisfied
I'm in a dispute where i sent a lot of serious proof for an express order made 2 months ago. The seller never did a pickup and since the beggining he sent me 4 diferent empty tracking numbers. I even called Fedex who sent me emails prooving that the seller only made the ticket but never called for a pickup. Sent me a fedex of 9kg, and ups of 4kg. And the fourth tracking number is a tracking number made before the order first tracking number. And screenshots of conversations with the supplier. The seller only sent the first tracking number who was empty, and screenshots of a conversation with a friend, no dates, and with the fourth tracking number. The one before the order. The mediator even after seeing all this... Believes the seller. I did many orders before and after and got them all on time. And in the moment that i'm writting this... It's been two months and the order is still not arrived.
my bags have not come. The supplier as not refunded
I made a claim and uploaded over 15-20 images of a damaged welder and it was ignored by your claims dept.
So many suppliers here cannot be trusted and keep changing agreements and representatives. I'm currently in a dispute right now
I have not taken it
The vendors response in a timely manner and are very respectful.
I am waiting for the order from May 26, 2020. some circuses.how much can you wait for the order
EASY
gives me security
Your TA support only seller not for buyer. I have case open and you can review that.
some times goodsome times bad
I recommend because it is safe. It helps with keeping track of everything that is needed.
NA
It is giving security :) Very well thing!
never received goods and assurance did not pay back...
Trade Assurance is at the buyers risk. Despite receiving the perfect samples. Sellers could say what ever they want to get away with the bad products that result harm on reputation of buyers business. This is about trust and confidence to process order and Trade Assurance doesn't mean protection for buyers. Better buyers protection will definitely help the trust and processing more transactions on Alibaba/Trade Assurance. Dealing with suppliers in North America is by far different than dealing with suppliers on Alibaba.
Janet Wang is very reliable
I opened a case because item did not arrive on time. The idea was to extend protection time.The answer to my claim, by the seller, was in Chinese (understand it is your native language, but difficult for me to understand).I never understood if I accepted the solution (which was not even clear), I could reopen the case if it still didn't arrive. In fact, at this point, I do not know if I am still covered.
I would definitly recommand  Alibaba to any busyness men I would came across with
None
easy and fast
I am not sure if I used the trade assurance service feature. I ordered my product and received it as described. I did not have any problems or any need to dispute my order.
The service is safe. It's been a few transactions so far and never had a problem that couldn't be solved.
recommend: many sources
Easy transaction
good for now
Garant you safer transactions
I would recommend
I would recommend this service, since not all suppliers are conscientious.But some suppliers when paying through the Trade Assurance Service ask to pay a commission. At the same time, buyers pay another commission when transferring their money.
safety
Only stupid dealers. Take money but no products deliver
paid and item was in the uk within 2 weeks
Because Alibaba platform is highly complecated to navigate
The refund system has worked very well and the Seller company has been very supportive.I could find all the needed information about the refund request system on the Alibaba site.
I totally recommend Trade Insurance Service to ensure safe purchase.
no reason at all
I recommend it, however, the charges are bit on a higher side.
i cannot deal with my seller successfully
because i opened a dispute agianst a supplier who didn't ship the goods to me and alibaba trada insurance didn't protect me Reference order no. 33444282501028780 Dispute Case no. 1005715108After the closing of the dispute i never received the goods because the supplier has made fake evidences.Actually i lost 1267 $ and that supplier did it the same with some other buyer here on AlibabaJust take a look to reviews on his company page. I have opened a compliant and i hope that Alibaba can really help me right now.The case is 9290060. Please help me !!
it's a good dealing whit most of  the business partners. some of the don't sleep i think ha ha (time diffrens) and they are all nice to talk to
Alibaba dose not communicate with the customer when there is a question about the shipment.This last order went very well because I used an outside source to communicate with the manufacturer.
Safe and trustworthy
Very smooth processing
There is no reason
the certificates that Alibaba says to be checked are all counterfeit
last order i received is totally different from my order
Some seller are not responsible , even the feedback have 90+ rating but still have a half of chance to deal withe a bad seller, just wondering how they get that rating, bad service ,worst products and late shipment , and the important thing is the price of listing on the page will not match the draft from seller as always.just like a lottery , you might have lots of luck to find a good seller
yes
Its the best site for the best products.
very convenient
More reliable
User friendly.
Trade assurance is my only guarantee that I will receive the product as promised
Very satisfied
I will highly recommend this company. Josie worked with me all through the processes. Great communication and they delivered a great product for me
Safe and has been successful with great suppliers
nothing to comment
I often find the services misleading. MOQ and In-Stock are often not accurate when I start to talk with the supplier/manufacturer.
easy to handle
It is reliable
one of the items that I bought, they have not sent it. and I've been waiting a week for it to be packed and shipped
Can't beat the deals
good prices and freindly helpful people
order is not completed manufacture is not responding on my questions
Costs
Makes everything easy.
You feel more secure with the assurance (security)
I had a clear dispute and Alibaba let the supplier win without any evidence. Feel's like a scam.
I have mentioned many times to check Alibaba. Thank you!
I am happy that Alibaba now has cross-border payment means available. Payment for goods purchases is not trouble free.
mucha demora en envió
As we live outside China we find it very helpful that we can purchase through your system and know that there is assurance from your company
I think more payment options would be great, maybe link your account so you can pay your supplier easily
it guarantee security for payment
I like the quick response and talking directly to a person
No notification email to the buyer that his/her assurance windows is near. The order automatically becomes "complete" without the buyer's attention.
trade assurance service could be more on the client side, sellers are abusing the system and too many lie about their products, such as missing items, one month delivery becomes 2 month, and half of the items are stuck in the custom or in the delivery somewhere and those are effecting our(buyers) business.
cost of goods
Alibaba has always provided Excellent Service!
I'm still trying it out, and checking the quality and flow of the process
It is very good, I find everything I need. There is a wide variety of suppliers to compare and the prices and quality are excellent.
good security
Sometimes it is a mess to do it. Also many businesses in China try to avoid it
came broken
Generally the systems works, but in cases where we need a senseful decision, you are not able to find the correct solution. I just have such a case and - i consider - not to trade the open orders anymore over trase assurance, because we might experience heavy money losses with your way to find solutions.We had as well solutions which you did correctly - but this is something we have to expereience with all disputes!Especially if we are talking about orders of 50.000-250.000 USD!!
it is way too confusing. They sent email which said they ASSUMED i had gotten my shipment. I have never gotten it or any tracking... Still trying to get to the bottom of where my stuff is and who and how to get communication. Very frustrated.
its great
its a great way to make extra money
Everything can be done in safe circumstances, from begining until end.
It is a little overwhelming to navigate at first and some things that are advertised are often different when you reach out to the wholesaler.
its safe
good service
Love it
I could not get refund for the not received product
no
Prompt service, clear, and fast.
Creates an additional level of confidence when purchasing foreign goods.
No reason up to now.
placing my order and having it fulfilled worked very smoothly.
I like the ability to interact with the manufacturers through the web site and see how many orders they have pending, which increases a level of trust.
lo recomendaria ya que hacen un seguimiento de mis pedidos y estan preguntandome de como  me fue con ellos mi satisfaccion y de no cumplir con requisitos, tardanza. o en caso extremo de que mi proovedor nocumpla con el contrato puedo resindir de el teniendo como apoyo  el chat alibaba que desidira lo mas justo. para mi como comprador en su plataforma me lleva a tener la tranquilidad de que mis proveedores cumpliran con lo estipulado.
as a buyer i expect ali baba to look after me. like always business use lame excuses to get orders and not fulfill on time
would recommend 1.  makes disputes easier to resolve2.  easy to enter ordersReasons to not recommend1.  Suppliers don't want to use it2.  transaction fees for credit card payments is too high
I felt cheated by trade assurance agent Ms Stephanie for dispute of my order numbers 36182859001020454,36158310501020454,36408550501020454. Basically the seller advised after 3 weeks of order that parts are being returned from customs and were unable to ship, so we decided for refund and seller said he lost $550 shipping fees, so i compensated half loss for him to share $275, paid extra to him in another order no. 38006819001020454 *paid him $1075 instead of $800), then when checked with vendor after a week that refund still not received , he said refund will effect his alibaba store and forced to reverse order cancellation and shipped the parts again. t
Trade assurance service & Convenience.
.
there is a wide range of products. On the other hand, some sellers give false prices and when a PI is requested, the prices are completely different. They tell us that the prices marked are only indicative, which is wrong. It happens to me often and it's unpleasant
Fast service and right product
I would recommend as its very fast online shop ever. very fast, very reliable
simply because you refuse to do anything about my refund.  8 weeks and i still dont have any refund.  i believe you side with the seller and not the customer which i find very dissapointing.
Good: Very nice and fast feedback from suppliers. Quality isn't the best but it is decent. Plenty of choice Bad: Very long delivery time for some parts and short time for others. Sometime arrival is 10 days and some times (with same supplier) it takes 3 months. Sometimes they ask me extra money after a order for costumes or extra delivery fee.
Fast and great service
i have contact because one of a part to my shipping is not conform, and no intervention, i pay 6500 usd, and ask 1000 usd, no refund !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A little high on the shipping is the only draw back
My complain is closed because the Trade Insurance covers only on-time shipment and product quality. I never received my product after 75 days but it was shipped on-time, so that is not your problem. The Trade Insurance is useless as Alibaba consider the shipment as delivered and I have 30 days to check the quality of a product I don't received. After this 30 days I will not be covered anymore and I never received my purchase.It's my first and last time I use this Alibaba. The experience is very bad and will advise everybody not to use it, unless they want to lose 4650 USD like I did because of your lack of customer support.
Will recommend Trade Assurance 100%
it is safe and simple
Very secure when paying order
That is working well.
Very fast shipping.
it's worked well for me in the past...
Contact is good and helpfull
difficult to use
I still have 2 items waiting for 2.5 weeks still not received until now
---
have confidence to order
just love it
suppliers does not take concern about my refund applications
So far so good.
yes
Is not possible Seller sen non-conform item, and it takes more then one month to get partial refund.
no all is good.
Its a save way for global delivery.
I would recommend it as an insurance for China purchases. The only disadvantaged are that it cost's more and the process is not so simple (it takes time to solve the issue).
Great prices and competition. As a customer you are given choices which is great.
I like it
neutral nothing more
Very friendly and patient also Great quality hair
It is recommended to have TAS service for peace of mind and security of your purchase.
I would not like tell customers or other companies risking they may copy our items through Alibaba.
It's helpful knowing that there is recourse
I would recommend
So far, all orders have been completed without comment.
I've never had a need to use it
Very good website, little bit difficult to get around.
Trade Assurance Service
I never had to use trade assurance but it there I’d you need to use it.
I never received my order.
Porque es una pagina segura
My first product I buy and i was charge more after we had an agreement. Since it was my first time I ask for help and always had the same answer to please contact supplier and that gave me no confidence afterwards I thought I was being scam so it was a terrible 50 days thinking  i was going to lose my money but everything went good except the extra $150.00 dlls that i was charge. I really recommend better communication for first time buyers so they can be calm an with confidence,
As the name says, trading assurance.
Never do not take trade recommendation. I want for this order. Too nice pieces to not do TAS
Guaranteed
Items were not shipped.
I think guarantee is essential
Good and fast response for enquiries. Good follow up by sellers and thry try getting a good deal during these circumstances
Every wholesaler is a Customer Service Gem! Thank You!
I don't feel that secure using this site at times and a lot of the vendors take long to reply
seller said clearly said pay extra shipping charge and they will deal with it, seller never did deal with it alibaba ignored the sellers ignorance
i would recommend Alibaba for a level of protection against dealing with people who are looking to take advantage of buyers
Very straight foward process
There is no trade assurance! There is zero protection for customers. There are no people to talk to. The dispute forms don't work. The dispute forms don't allow a dispute without allowing the cancellation of an order. The list goes on and on!!
many listings are not what they are providing, so yo u have to use better judgment and research on the supplier to be sure they are credible and ask detailed questions on the product you are ordering.
Would recommend
You offer good price but the service after the purchase is really bad
Trade Assurance Service provides an extra bit of confidence in ordering.
se
safety of payment
Good Service
Because, actually in works! The packet was lost after 2 months and they have refund all the payment.
I feel safer
it is easy and reliable.
I had a problem and you did a very serious job
good communication
Very comfortable and agile service, I recommend it
great friendly people
N/A
good
no
very secure
SECURITY OF FUNDS AND MONITORING OF SHIPPING IS THE REASON WHY AM MOST LIKELY GOING TO INTRODUCE ALIBABA SERVICE TO NEIGHBOURS
I RECOMMEND 100%
I've never had a problem everything came on time like it was supposed to
I would reccomend the trade assurance service to others, because is more safe for the buyer!
will be recommending trade assurance.
Accountability and reliability
excelente
they sell bayer product which name is Drontal Plys Flavour. but bayer doesnt produce it at all.
Very nice product and quick delivery.
Because most people still dont trust some vendors who tend to send lower quality than the samples. id tell other business owners its the only real way of protecting yourself on the platform
Thanks, Terry for support and providing good service, hammock are great
Delay on shipments and the amount of time it takes to receive product.
ordered an lcd and did not receive it. The seller won't offer a refund of my money
N/A
no negative experience so far.
sucurity
A supplier on Alibaba has scammed me out of $1,650
I found what I was looking for easily and was able to order quickly
None
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service because keeps the merchant inform at all times the status of the order.
Trade Assurance Service is good for first time buyer.For experience buyer,it is a cost for seller and they will set price higher to cover the cost.
Alibaba is a secure E-shop and easy to make B2B business
The platform is loyal to Sellers, it is on their side and supports their interests. The buyer is left without money and Goods. There is absolutely no Buyer protection. The order is closed, although the Product was not received. Offering $ 50 compensation for Ordering Order No.3161695900102576. Which I paid 360 dollars for
Because of security
because I want you for myself
i recommend  the services for TAS ...FAST SERVICE, ON TIME AND GOOD PACKAGING AND COMPLETE ITEMS INSIDE THE BOX N TRUSTED SUPPLIER.
Trade Assurance makes the transaction very safe.
All my dealings through Alibaba have been perfect, never any problems, my only issue is cost of air-freight which is nothing to do with Alibaba.
no
Quality Merchandise, Timely Shipping and Great Communication once you connect with a good vendor.
very fast Convenient service
It is just another piece-of-mind to feel secure in the transaction.  Our delivery went fine, so I don't know how the Trade Assurance works.  I only know that it gave me an additional feeling of security.
This is our second purchase from Zonpack, machine is good quality , more important thing  is they keep good after-service for us. help us solve some problem
.
Trade assurance service will protect the buyer since every things done through the system. Good system...
good service
to be on the safe side.
If I would recommend it because for the buyers it is a guarantee against any attempt of fraud, or of failure of the supplier. This protects the buyer in case the quality is different from the one offered.
Security
I am assured that the vendor will deliver the correct item
We have missing item and supplier did not pay back us the missing item
my china order has not arrived yet and the supplier refuses to refund me
https://russian.alibaba.com/supplier_wc4BAAJ-D3VeFdKJPrLJvzdjKUbt/contactinfo.html?spm=a2700.7787035.a371l.23.jv2iaKI want to complain abt the abv supplier EserBags. I paid them US30,000 for 50,000 pcs of polyester bags with lays printing  but unfortuantely, the goods came in without any print and the material is different. And he cannot be contacted at all thru office \ wechat \ mobile. Pls advise what can I do??jacque@lms.com.sg
Protect my order
I know that at least my money is not going to be stolen.But not too sure about quality control
The Time zones make it Hard to correspond.
missing items
Dear AlibabaSince all my payments are with Trade assurance service i did not have any Fraud ever!!! I had the bad experience with company seller YIWU PRIDE BAG, they fraud me in usd 5000!! due i did not make payment with your service they trick me and make fraud to me, since i only use your service i never have a problem again!! thanks
my package never arrived
N/A
Not sure what you mean by "trade assurance"My general comments about your website is that the platform is very dated & navigating isn't seamless.  Following up on communications with suppliers can be a challenge since everything is run through your platform and you have to logon to communicate.
user friendly, fast and secure
ease of contacting suppliers and communicating with them, transaction security and many more options
As for my expirience there are really good mafucater workers who can help to the newbies! Love it!
Takes too long to resolve disputes.
lost fees without delivery from supplier
In my experience with Alibaba and Aliexpress I can say that the companies are not objective. They are not helping you much when you have a dispute.
Open to negotiations, but very complicated or excessive interface.
I told the vendor that there was a problem with the order, and he chose to make excuses.  Now you have just put it in a completed status because of time, that is ridiculous, why wouldn't you make sure the item was shipped and received
efectivo y practico
Perfect but the shipment is very ecpensive
Excelente servicio. Muy rapido.
THE SELLERS ARE KNOWLEDGEABLE ABOUT THEY PRODUCTS
It is safe!
The process was very smooth.
No buyer protection. Arrogant service
good service with patience
doesnt help at all
Easy to deal with.
As long as customer service and shipping remains the same
Unprofessional customer service
Good service
They just took tooo much time. More than one month to give the product to DHL plus the transit time. I really DO NOT recomend this company.
protection
the trade center doesn't support my claim
none
Very professional and safe
Shipping is long and money also give back long time.
The suppliers are not accurate for the designs and agreement.
do not now
It kind of secured
They are very helpful during your order
It fulfilled my expectations.
-
Merchant threatened to breach privacy acts
Instills trust when purchasing
The product is as indicated. Shipping was within a reasonable time. Very good communication from seller. Will use the service again.
I did not receive my order
Trade Assurance is a must in order to protect against fraud.
I would recommed and it is safe and worry free as we can claim money back if anything goes wrong
very slow process
Feels safe and works,
any problems
Did not receive item
Good quality and service!
it is ok
im satisfied because you can buy freely and you know that you are protected with the seller.
The Protection gives peace of mind
CONVINIENT  SERVICES
security and service is very good
Easy, safe to use. You can find all products, quality is great! Supplier is really helpful.
Still some fake products are sold in Alibaba.
I recommend and I use it very often because of the security of the payment.As you already probably now, they are a lot of SCAMS over the internet.So I never had problem on ALIBABA so far.
very user friendly and protects the buyers interest as well as the sellers
I would definetly recomend Alibaba
Confidence if something goes wrong Alibaba are there to help.
not sure how it works yet
I have not received anything from it yet. I do not see the benefit from it at the moment.
It seems as though Alibaba favors Chinese Suppliers over American Sellers
Very Responsive and fair pricing
its very efficient i would definately recommend
can find lot of things
Trade Assurance makes me feel safe
Payment method with Debit card seem to not work for me. Error always occur.
Helps add security would recommend
easy and safe for both supplier and buyer
Service with receiving items.Sender never sends items at a delighted time
Excellent service
I dont know if it works.
the reason why i would recomend is reliable system.
So far, all interactions with the suppliers has been positive
Its good b/c we have someone to intercept the language barriers we may face being in the U.S. and to help solve problems we may face with ordering items from vendors who falsely advertise their clothing and/or items. Because of Trade Assurance Service I was able to get my money back b/c a vendor falsely advertised and misspelled words.
na
I think I'd recommence Trade Assurance Service for sure! The customers will be guaranteed their  bought products and this service increases supplier's reliability.
Because it gives me the guarantee that my product will arrive without problems.
The service is excellent.
it's a great way to shop safely
I try to pay via bank debit, you took my $$ but said you did not get it... Then refund back to my account.
I haven't had any issue, hopefully will never ever have.
none
Is too easy to use the site
very easy to work with
My orders never arrive on time (the time-frame agreed to by the other party) and now prices have skyrocketed to receive my shipments that are already late.
i will recomended likely
Suppliers have been great.
Ease of payment and compliance
Consumer and vendor protection.
good services
Response time is a little off all the time.
everything is ok
I’m not satisfy with my Docolor Purchase
seller didn't care customer and alibaba did same
it works properly
It takes too long for the ordered item to be delivered, if finally delivered, as I ordered a watch in March 2020, now it's the 31st May 2020 and the watch has not been delivered.
it has everything you need
Some of the vendors take a very long time to ship out product.
good information
good service
WOuld highly recommend as its protect buyers from bad quality, fraud or scams
If items are not quality
professinal
The manufacturers/distributors are very helpful for the most part and respond generally fast.  Biggest selection of products to purchase.  Can find almost anything you need.
Will definitely recommend! It adds a sense of security for the buyers.
Alibaba is a safe platform for buyer to get legit and reliable products. Although Alibaba needs to consistently monitor and verify suppliers to be sure they still keep up to standards
No Paypal Support
price of seller is not true
very fast
not bad
I did not received the box
It’s fast and convenient
They have great communication and will keep you up to date with everything that is going on
because trade assurance makes sure the customer gets quality products and that is what makes me trust alibaba in first place. I have had bad experiences with suppliers and it always helps me as customer.
this trade assurance is a  waste of time. i was sent automatic email saying trade assurance was completed . i responded to say its not completed. no response from 'Alibaba. I the responded to the vendor   and informed but i still have no product. its not clear who i now contact to resolve this,
some of the suppliers are dishonest with price and quality of product
is good service and the suppliers are efficient.
El envío a Chile es muy costoso. Todo lo demás, ha estado bien.
ok
Providers are not trustful. They promise sending the goods in a specific time and then they change the delivery date without any notice.
Its easy to use and cheap
Because I we ask for a refund we have to go through too much to get it.
Nothing
ITS NOT VERY USER FRENDLY NEED TO IMPROVE ALOT
Easy to use.
not helpful at all. emailed 2x and no reply.
For the security that they offer by trading money for products!
protection
It's a very safe feeling knowing that a 3'th party is overseer for scammers, it's good to know that I am protected
I received some products with poor quality recently. I sent pictures to prove it, and the trade assurance system responded that the supplier needs to approve or agree on the bad quality issue.Therefore, this service end to be quite subjective to be named as trade assurance...My supplier finally accepted and everyting went well. But it happened to me in the past that other supplier did not approved their mistakes, and I ended paying for something I did not received.This trade service has room to improve yet.
The shipping doesn't arrive after more than one month!
I am unable to send payment, having trouble all the time.
I would most definitely recommend alibaba good qualities on clothing 100% guaranteed satisfaction. You should shop at alibaba for your business most definitely. Awesome work your the best??????????
i would
It seems to make both parties accountable.
it doesn't feel as "clean" as a credit card dispute system. It feels very "iffy". When I dispute on a credit card transaction through the bank, they immediately take my side, and I have no question that my dispute will be professionally and diligently handled. With Trade Assurance, I feel like it's similar to making a Better Business Bureau Complaint.
i was using Ali express for retail purpose based on experience I Trusted Ali baba too
there is no freight options for middle east
responsible sellers.
I would recommend someone because the quality of the goods was great, the packaging was great, The only thing i was not satisfied with in one of my previous orders was delyment to have my goods shipped to me which caused a delay on my delivery date to my clients. am not sure what really caused this. but otherwise thats it
no items received and the status changed in completed
the vendors has great quality work and i will purchase more just because i feel comfortable having trade assurance service just incase something comes up and i know my merchandise is covered.
You are not helping to get order or my refund
it protects prders placed
I understand that "Your Trade Assurance is [...] minimizes risk by guaranteeing money back in the event of a supplier failing to meet the terms of the order contract including [...] quality and quantity discrepancies [...] products do not meet the quality standards as per the order contract" which was approved by me and by the seller who confirm that they have problem with quality and quantity discrepancies.All what your dispute team offer is closing the case without giving me the solution and this is not fair. WHERE IS YOUR "Trade Assurance"? why you are not helping me. As you can see from my Case No.1005779762, Order No.13890190001027198, your team close the case and asking me to go international dispute resolution.
Great customer service
Long delivery time
trade assure protect me from bad seller
very good
...
It ensures your money is safe.
Great insurance policy, keeps both parties doing good buisness
A real guarantee for suppliers !  We had an issue and the supplier solved fast.
It is safe way to establish credibility between buyer and seller
Сервис работает отлично, рекомендовал, рекомендую и буду рекомендовать всем знакомым и партнерам.
Trade Assurance only protected the seller.
Fantastic Service.
No any support from your local executive and cant get good audience from them
I can pay using credit card,
Price is very expensive .its very hard to resell the products in the market and it take lots of time to get the products ..
We like it as safe.
Trade assurance is for 25 days, my delivering is not arrived jet (30 days) hope i get my bike, wihout loosing my money.My dealer sayed, delivering time in this situation (Corona) is 25 - 30 days.I was looking for the shipment partners to look up wehre the product is.YanwenUPShermesI got no infrmation. Only UPS says, "Shipment Ready for UPS" It was shipped by ups express
I EWOULD RECOMMEND
We find a various products.However it is difficult to find good product with sample key words.
YES
Because is a trusted service...
yrs i would recommend Trade Assurance
No
good service and high quality
because It is convenient for first buy
easy to use and trusted becuase they have assurance
Great Customer Service and the vendors respond almost immediately. I also like the fact that they keep you updated and aren't afraid to answer questions. I will definitely continue to shop with them.
sometimes, sellers are very rude, or doesn't reply. I tried purchasing numerous times off sellers, some are so rude which tell me go away.few advertisements are even ridiculous, pricing on ad and pricing after is 2 different things. Prices at $0.1 but sells for $5.5. unacceptable.
Easy and efficient service
It has been very easy, I just wish they would accept paypal
Alibaba sellers provide good advice, service and support, I adittion to spelling excellent quality and always being very kind and patient.
trade promised, safe
Recommended but shipping cost and price is ripoff and very slow .
it makes the buyer more confident in the supplier
Long delivery delay
great services
no quede satisfecho con un proveedor que me enga?o, y perdí dinero. quede muy triste
Good service
product quality very bad.
I would recommend because Meeko Zhou, my main contact has been extremely helpful throughout the entire process. Beginning with ordering multiple samples and with continual design updates, Meeko has patiently addressed all my needs. Would recommend!
The suppliers kept the items for close to two weeks to three before initialing shipment
It provides me with more confidence in making purchases from manufacturers in other continents.
I am not too familiar
Most of the sellers offers isn't real. So I lost too many time with no result.
they are reliable and efficient
I made a purchase based on an agreed upon price to get it delivered to me. I paid the price we agreed upon. After a while of lack of communication the seller reached out to me and said the item was ready to ship. The period of assurance had expired and I was stuck accepting the shipment even though they lied about shipping the product. The product did not ship until the 28th of may. They are now claiming that I am going to have to pay for all of the customs as well as the isf. I have ordered multiple items from alibaba and have never had a seller cheat the system like this. They have intentionally charged me extra money and it is unacceptable that I could not get a refund before the product had even shipped.
thank so much
Becasuse I received a good service and because is safety.
Safe and secure for first sample transaction for sample. Unclear for after sale claim.
It seems as if the service adds an extra layer of protection.
Terrible website
I made two purchase operations and both failed to calculate the payment and delivery times
Iam bussisnes
Recommend as a customer. Feel much more safe with the money they invested in
cheating selling product on your website too many liars
As of now, it is not too expensive, and the platform is user friendly
Hi.I do not recommend because the provider ripped me off and when I put REQUEST A REFUND, some red letters appear: "the sum of the amount of the refund does not match the total amount of the refund"I PUT REFUND EVERYTHING, the application does not accept and I feel that there is an obstacle for me to lose the dispute.
My credit cards were declined, so after a few attempts, I got it to work, then the order was listed as delivered, when it was not. I had to apply for a refund, and the whole cost wasn't refunded. I'm very concerned about this.
The team not help proeperly  solve diputes, I wait for 2 weeks for  order 33528694001023189 dispute solve. It must take 3 working days. But it took 2 weeks already and not giving any information. Money and goods  stand, I can not sell it but I can not return it back, its no fair.
I never received my order. I was denied a refund. I was lied to and stolen from. I can't contact the company and I can't get help from Alibaba.
My order has not arrived yet although I have already paid for it on May 4, 2020
I am not sure about sellers, if they are fake or real. Last time I had really big problem with one seller, because he was unfair. So this is the reason why I would not recommend TAS.
N/A, I would highly recommend it
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it really made me feel safe with my money and super confidence from being scammed.
Is a good idea.
I placed an order and the product delivered was a different item cheaper and smaller than the one offered
Responds slow
not pratctic to fill in company contact on each RFQ, ALIBABA have already my company contact, its should be submited automatically..... its make me spent too much time for that
Some of the suppliers don’t respond fast enough
Alibaba provides a smooth and easy way to make a purchase and communicate with the seller. Highly recommended.
I dont understand it.
Trade Assurance Service is reasonable and functionable in order to secure buyers
When there is some problems, not by buyer fault and want resolve it (get refund)...the dispute case take ages to be solved! My dispute is already running more then 1,5 month and dispute team didnt solved it!
Wouldn't want ppl to know my prices
Goede communicatie ,duidelijk en zekerheid dat je spullen snel  geleverd worden.
no
Professional
good experience.
check back to me when I receive my orders then i can give a full report.
Because it protects us from fraud which I like...
I recommend Trade Assurance Service, but I think in a case it works not good, because understanding from manager is not good.
there is no such thing as trade assurance as nothing is insured. i have tried multiple time and alibaba does nothing but push it to an offline dispute
Is not able to really assist in the dispute with vendors. Basically is not an assurance of the trade but just a dispute resolution service, if no agreement if found Alibaba settle the dispute just deciding who pay or who get paid but there is no protection in case of damages where the responsibility is not clearly defined. A read trade assurance should not only resolve disputes but also compensate the parts in case of mutual responsibiliy
I will recomend.
Had a great expirience with Bruce. Great communication & customer service. I would highly recommend Alibaba to other business person out there.
Very efficient information through Chat which I liked and also very timely delivery. Very pleasant experience and I am very happy with my slippers!
I am interested in the impression kit.
been working out for me although it sometimes long before response
I purchased a sample from one of your suppliers. I liked the sample, so I purchased 30 quantities of the product. I received a different size product than the sample. I opened a dispute with Trade Assurance and sent photos clearly showing the different sizes even though they were marked the same size. Also, the sample was double sided fabric but the 30 quantity came single sided. Trade Assurance said I didn't show proof even though I sent 6 photos with measurements. I was scammed by Trade Assurance Service, and do not trust this platform anymore. I will tell people to not use this platform.
competencia
I recomend trade assurance for sure.
customer service is not helping
Its Very Safe
I am not clear on the service myself. I can only recommend if I am fully satisfied and confident.
cause I can make any transaction
Great Response.
easy user interface
It's really a good platform for buyers to find satisfied goods.
It was a pleasant experience.  The communication with the vendor was easy and very friendly.  My package came so fast and was well packaged.  The product was amazing!
peace of mind
Love all this stuff!!!
n/a
I love the peace of mind when ordering.  The possible setback is that it may be making the product cost prohibitive.
Serious b2b, excelent provider
I would recomend it because so far had been working for me
tade assurance offer great product and sales for businesses. I only wish that some of the traders allow lower quantity for sells, this would great for small and upcoming businesses.
I would use as this will give me buyer satisfaction
It's great and reliable
It is the only company that I have found to manufacture this product.
It helps secure the transaction with someone other than the supplier as a trusted third party.
I would recommend because if anything happens to your order or you are not satisfied with the quality you can get your money back or get the product replaced
I haven't had to call on it, so I can't really give useful feedback, but it saves me a lot of headache!
Trade Assurance seems like the perfect way to do business safely.
I feel safer using it and trust the service
si recomendaria
It allows a buyer to shop comfortably and the retailer to be assured they will be paid both parties benefit
I believe it would not work in any compensation needs.the procedure for claims is complicated. Suppliers on Alibaba are trusted.
Safe and easy way to order and mainly because things can be paid online by credit card
I haven't had to use it yet to assess how useful it is.
I felt safe using the platform with the trade assurance.
have not received my order and no one answers emails
Antes que nada que no hablo ingles ,segundo , mi pedido era clorito de sodio (NaClo2),y me llego según la especificación Bicarbonato de sodio pero me parece que es clórito de sodio (NaClo) ósea hipoclorito de sodio ,que no tiene nada que ver ,y por ultimo que quizás ya no este en sus manos pero de todos modos lo aclaro que de 10 dias que me dijeron que llegaría tardo mas de un mes
Some aspects of the communication process are not as clean as I'd like
It just runs out of time while the packages are long time not yet here.
good for eveything
easy to use
Ella-PEN supplier &lt;sales13@le-tian.com.cn&gt; promised me delivery of order 27686243001020062for 2 months. Never delivered. Told me to be patient through the virus and that they were honest.All they did was delay until the Trade Assurrance day ended.I bought from this company before and trusted them to honor their wordCriminals stole my $1300
very good
I would recommand as it helps providing more trusts between buyer. It is a great insurance !
About the safety
There is simply no assurance... goods not received and you ask me to wait... I'm no longer interested by a products I ordered 2 months ago... I want my money
I would recommend their service for the assurances they give to buyers l
We make and pay an order an never recived merchandise, never recived tracking number shipped. never recived orinal invoice.
order #388825638501024731, the supplier has not shipped the order it has been 10 days since i paid and is requesting more money, really dissapointed in this company
Security when working with new suppliers
it was very quick and easy as compared to aliexpress
Ease of business and access to suppliers with the full confidence of Alibaba protecting the transaction.
Excellent service : grande réactivité et grand sérieuxJe suis très satisfait.
great
they didnt help me in 1 case
I wouldn't recommend it to someone who is looking for FAST responses because with some vendors, it takes patience to understand and come to a trade agreement of purchased goods. Other than that, it's a great service! So far...
Very good
I would recommend it to other business buyers because it protects.  I have purchased already in China and have been robbed  The person sent me empty bags instead of the safety vests, and I almost got in trouble with government.  It was until I cried that I was believed.  There are some unscrupulous Chinese sellers and each time they try to steal or con the system.
Guarantee and worry free purchase.
Secure
Because i dont need to be afraid of the supplier... Alibaba is my back trust
big comission
Safe and useful
Good communication
good site
The Service is absolutely brilliant.
Safety
kind service,very fast shipping.
cos it protects
recommend for 100% security.
Time should run from after product is delivered,  not from date product is shipped.
THE COST WAS VERY HIGH AND THE ORDER WAS LONG TO ARRIVE
Alibaba gives me a variety of choice of products.However, it is not specific enough for location.For example, it put location as China. But China is so big, I want a breakdown into provinces as well. So it would be easier for us to choose suppliers closely to our country.Trade Assurance somewhat works too slow than reality.
great platform
All is good
I can view my order and it can protect myself.
trade assurnce was not impartial.was 2 problems.seller dont follow specifications and bad quality, and i show all evidences.assurance team dont consider2 product arrived broke , bad box, no protetction.so trade team ask me to claim insurance.so just protect seller, dont consider seller mistakes.service dont works in my case
bien bien
You dont stand for your customer when seller does wrong thing.
Prompt delivery and the company understood what we required and made this to suit our needs
I have, so far, had quite some issues with the company listed under Alibaba.com as a trader and did not feel I got much support. Let us hope things will be be better from now on
RECOMMEND
i ordreed merchindize thru alibaba i didnt not receive my merchindize almost 45 days our agreement was 7 to 9 day i paid air shipment i still dont have my merchindize i been comlaining to alibaba but answer it look like alibaba is fake wibsite i will tell and adverdize not order any any thing from alibab becuase its fake it website they dont we any insurane its all lie
very nice to recommend trade assurance serivice and so easy
some companies are not safe to make purchases, they do not have paypal in case the product is not resived
If you are going to be involved in business with products and you want a source that is relatively secure and reputable for overseas products, Alibaba should be one of your options.
the shipping costs are astronomical i would be better off getting made in my own country next time and getting more products
Good
You not protecting my money
Yes the trade assurance
So far I have gotten pretty good service from it
Ease of use
Trustworthy, reasonable priced products, excellent focus on customer service, speedy delivery with proper parcel tracking tools.
Because I consider that I am a good client and I had a dispute with a provider that sent garbage and requested support, but the trade assurence response was very complicated and bad, I still buy from you but I do not trust the insurance service and I hope I have no problems. futures with another provider
The fees.
Very efficient, have to find quality vendors.
not sure
its a protection for me against bogus company.
Great customer service. Highly recommend Trade Assurance because they make sure that all transaction goes smoothly as possible. They help every step of the way until you receive your shipment from the manufacturer or suppliers.
Automatically sided with seller on refund when there is tracking proof that it has not been delivered.
quick and easy
I recommend for the transparency and honesty and for the attention provided by you
good service, and i like the trade assurance fact
cant contact alibaba  for any problems
i have a bad experience with a supplier, my money never comeback
It can't even cut 3mm plywood or acryl and it's speed to cut 4mm with ease.First I've discovered that the lens is broken and when I contacted the seller for replacement he got smart with me and rude, he said that his company will only send a replacement lens if I pay for shipping $28 but the 12mm lens costs that much to buy from China with free shipping!After I bought a new lens somewhere else, $400 of upgrades and 3 months of fixing still no cutting possible... The only thing that could be still bad is the laser tube. Once I contacted the seller about it he got smart and said that if I want a tube replacement that I will have to yet again pay for Shipping. I said no and that I'm invoking my warranty right but still I have not received my answer or tube.Machine cost me $390 + another $400 just to try fix it and now they want me to buy the replacement parts which were broken/defectiv from the beginning.
I RECOMMEND
The service I received from Lucyia, was amazing, fast shipping as promised, exactly 15 days .she was making sure I received the merchandise, and even provide details, every time I asked, the product itself, very good.
The time period is too short.  My order has only just arrived and is still being sorted and quality checked, but the Trade Assurance has already ended.
Reliable, fast, and trust-worthy.
Some supplier has sold sanitary products without being able to. They have been deceiving some buyers. I think Alibaba has to be careful with that. Trade Assurance is for me 95% of the reasons to use Alibaba.
its easy to use and it made me feel more confidence to make an operation
Easy to navigate on the website.
I received faulty lights
the charge to process is high
Because it's safe.
i have not go true the process of any refund yet but i think is good.
Serious and efficient work
Extremely difficult to get orders on time . Months can go by while we wait on the order.We cannot plan our production with such delays.
Es la primera vez que compro por la pagina, así que no puedo tener una comentario muy acertado debido a que tampoco recibo los productos que compre.
THE PRODUCTS ARE OF EXCELLENT QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE
it is easy and it can be trusted
I would recommend Trade Assurance because its always there to protect you from the suppliers if anything goes wrong during the transactions.
no answer
Yes
Protects both parties
It provides security when making a purchase
The quality ship over was badly printed and the workmanship was terrible and yet charge me for the services.
Not really that useful.
This is the only reason why I do business in China. Otherwise, I am from Eastern Europe and it would be difficult for me to find suppliers that I know I can trust.
the shipping was expensive
1. We have discovered a couple of times that you have decided to favor the chinease suppliers in cases about mistaken items and crossed delivery time. So we have got the impression that the trade Assurance is not really helping us as a buyer. Also i find it sometimes hard to get in touch with your staff to solve issues and it works very slow and beaucratic. 3. Its not nice that Your payment system do not accept payment direct from our danish banks. Thats discriminating i think.2.Your platform is not working on Explorer browsers!
Prices, and the comercial professionalism
Havent used it. Have had orders not delivered but money not refunded.
Trade Assurance helps me to be confident in doing business with my supplier
I want to do more business first - have more experience. This was my first time - a good experience
We are fully satisfied with your support and services.
It is a good way to contact with suppliers.
Not really familiar with the service, so I'm neutral.
The service was timely. My request for a refund was approved without any hustle.
I recommend because its 100% safena to buy.
I like the safety that it gives the buyer & seller and I feel that alibaba knows what businesses need and want in a transaction like contracts, monitoring capability, communication with seller, multiple options, and many others.
I like the variety and the suppliers are really hard working. I feel safer by contacting someone through Alibaba than on my own.
very good, safety, trustful
easy to transact with
very helpful service
The shipping is costly but its your price.
because is easer to work and safe.
I have not had any issues with the Trade Assurance service.
Outstanding service! Perfect product!
les recomiendo por que te da la seguridad para poder comprar y asi no puedas ser estafado.. por un proveedor.
i feel easy to find good supplier
it make the contract confirm
support me with more details, quick shipping , product and software support
This is a suggestion , the trade assurance should have a longer period so you can get a refund if the service you purchased is not fulfilled for the period indicated when you first bought. Indeed, I bought a service from SINOTV (Order No.: 20752187001023938) after 2 weeks a service that was supposed to work for a year stopped working and since there is no support , you can't get your money back and you stuck with a non valid or non working service
b
We can find supplier in China directly.
I wil do
I haven't use it so far.
I enjoy shopping at Alibaba.  The merchants have been very helpful and the prices are excellent for the most part.
My order #21129862501022381
My first transaction was successful.
perfect for me
Traz mais seguran?a ao comprador.
So far every company I have dealt with have being excellent .
I wish the claims processing is easier.1. Attaching proof and supporting documents about the issue is difficult. It will only take jpg. PDF copies is not supported.2. Response and update takes a while, and the reply seems to be automated3. There should be a chat and phone support for claims. We won't mind if it is in China time as long as there is someone we can talk to immediately, not just in email or portal.
It gives me an extra level of comfort knowing I can do business with someone in a different country and not worry if I will be scammed.
My only complaint is that when I ask a question, a lot of times they write back but do not answer the question. Or they take a very long time to answer.
good service for quality and delivery time
Доставка подводит
everything arrived and works
perfect atettion
Lack of professionalism. No follow up on requests even if Alibaba customer service had stated in a conversation that they would make a follow up with the faulty suppliers. Customer chat service is buggy, drops conversations quite often and doesn't send automatically a copy of the conversation (which should be done as in many other customer chat services).
Seguro y de calidad confiable
very pleased
Trade Assurance system especially if you are new into trades is a life saver. makes the buyer feel safe.
the website is a little clunky and sometimes hard to understand but it get s the job done
some manufacturer place order and cancel order to get our attention with products proposals.... means a lot of verification for us if order is true or not
all info in one place, easy to coordinate and make decisions.
Very fast and safe
Security when buying from unknown sources
Eu gostei essa Alibaba que chegou rápido muito. Também meu rastreio está certo.
Fast and easy way to buy stuff
i am paying since 1 year same card your system rejected !!!!1 you have to rejected all master cards !!!!
Didnt have to use it
Good
Order guarantee
Simply it did not work out for me. I've seen that the order is under the protection of Trade Assurance service and trusted that nothing would go wrong. It did go wrong in some cases, I opened a dispute, supplier denied to accept anything, then suddenly Alibaba system completed the process without even contacting me.And there is no clear steps to follow up how the "Trade Assurance" works.
Up to date, accurate business your agents are doing. so I would recommend
Pre?o competitivo
Fast shipping & comunication
Assurance for safe payment and delivery guaranteed
I don't interact with other businesses very much.
I am happy and satisfied with the service, prices, delivery and products.
Trade assurance is good protection for buyers.
Security of your order
Everything is great
ライバル店を増やしたくない
Its important to the business owner to get quality products from trader.
Trade Assurance is very important as I do not know the suppliers I am trading with. Trade assurance makes it more likely for me to transact with the suppliers through online channels like Alibaba for International trade.
The trade assurance service did not ultimately hold my manufacturer accountable for their obvious errors.
N/A
Would recommend because Alibaba gives access to so many different suppliers and has a lot of resources to navigate the website and make purchases properly.
My order model no. Jgtmy-119 Another for the item i ordered.
Exelente producto
This is an easy platform to follow and i have had good corporation from suppliers.
Excellent customer service
able to find trusted supplier
por que es una manera de proteger nuestros intereses
Buyers are safe with Alibaba Trade Assurance.
En raison de la qualité de l'écoute et de l'échange des renseignements
The best tech in the world.
trustworthy. easy to track payments and shipments. thank you.
Servi?o muito bom.
Security
This entire platform is impossible to use.  NOT USER FRIENDLY AT ALL!All I want to do is place an order for samples of product from a supplier that I have been messaging for weeks now.
The specifications of products is not standardized. It's very time consuming to start find out, what the quality of products is. There are lots of too old (W XP) and too poorly designed products that are presented as cheep ones but are not actually of international quality.
Trust of making purchase with supplier
Everyone is professional, nice and helps with all questions. Very delighted to do business with you.TY, very muchPatti BellBell's Spa
The order was not completed and shipment was never confirmed but Alibaba Trade Assurance automatically completed the contract and unfroze the payment even before goods were shipped????
I would recommend Alibaba.com
If I would recommend the warranty.There are many Chinese suppliers of Alibaba that do not fulfill orders.Send another color or send another product.Now last in Nov I bought 10 backpacks 6 they sent me the color I requested and 4 I got a color that did not request an ugly color. Now I can't sell them .... What to do?
never get suppor of my request
it is easy to use but not as simple as aliexpress
I can't choose my language. For the people who not speak english, it is very difficult to do business with you. I hope that you will give possibility to choose  various languages. Thanks
We try to contact a seller, but there is no link or button where you can communicate with them.
Fast Delivery, Good quality product
1.trade assurance tax is too high 2. Charges on visa, master and on other cards are too high 3. supplier on alibaba.com are slowly slowly getting expensive as compare to live market 4. need more check and balance to keep it easier  for buyers ...
Some sellers charge more for paying through trade assurance, but it is advertised as a free product.
I love how easy it is to make secure payments, very convenient
good
ok
Easyfast lawyal
very good price.
Support by Alibaba was good.
1． Insufficient support for defective products.2. The quality of each company is not very good. High reject rate.3. There is no penalty for companies with high defect rates. Not clarity.
For good security of goods and transaction.
Gives peace of mind, that you are insured.
RELIABLE
To be more secure and get good quality products
Trade Assurance provides peace of mind for transactions, as I start to develop relationships with new suppliers.
una vez tube un problema con un pedido y no me solucionaron
N/A
Easy to operate, however I had an bad experience with fraud sellers on Alibaba.
They are very open and transparent, ensuring everyone is aware of what is happening with regards to  orders.
I had to cancel an order and spoke to the supplier and they were able to cancel my order without fees.  Trade assurance gave me the confidence it would get cleared up either way.
TRYING TO APPLY FOR REFUND AND IT NEVER WORKS. i RECIEVED GOODS THAT ARE GARBAGE!
Great service and quality control.
Companies regularly fail to reply
people is very efficient
Hello, the last weeks I had 2 orders that trade assurance was ended without having the goods. It says that 15 days had passed. But all of my goods go to a forwarder and from there they send it to me, and that 15 days are not enough at all, now my hearts beats faster as I have more than 7 orders that are on the way and they probably won't reach me before the 15 days ends. please make it longer , its worldwide shipment and each country is different, here in Iraq 15 days are just not enough. Other than that I was so satisfied with the trade assurance. The other thing that I had problem with is the sellers from other countries have very limited rights as a buyer, I bought from Indian seller and goods were stopped by customs in China, they required some information but the seller didn't provide it, and I didn't get the parcel my money was all lost and when I asked for protection they told me that my rights are not covered 100% as the seller is from outside.
Good service
We should be able to do more credit card payments, smaller amounts.
there is not service and no one to talk to.
I would recommend because most of the suppliers I deal with are cooperative, understanding and very patient untiel I get my specifications. I encountered so far only one impatient supplier but that will not deter me from sourcing.
no me resolvieron, tengo miedo de volver a comprar por esta plataforma por miedo a que roben y alibaba no haga nada al respecto
The trader sent the item which I received after 15 days and it is not working at all. It seems like we are stuck with him and the product is not working.
Have none Great place to buy and be safe!
My only one problem is I have multiple projects in motion at once which means I get flooded on my Message Center with messages that are all mixed up. It would be great within the message center if you could make folders or mail boxes for messages that pertained to certain projects. Would be so much better
To be honest, I simply do not understand all of it. I use some features not all.
SOme buyers do not take happily the extra charges that ALibaba imposed.
It is a great way to look for hard to find or custom made product.  The response is generally fast, though sometime no response.
It is safe
Its the most quickly way to buy merchandise
It a nice platform that provide access to the global trade market.
i want paypal to be payment method, because most of my money in paypal
Peace of mind
It is safe to do business
never got a dollar
It is safe and reliable.
horrible service from Alibaba on a dispute that in raised on a previous order.
I did not have a problem yet, but it gives a very secure feeling
Good
I have always said to my family & friends to make sure you use Alibaba trade Assurance, if any seller is pushing for paying by PayPal, Western union etc. Walk away it's a scam.
perfect
it makes the
The trade Assurance is OK but after that you have no protection to get service or warranties.  My experience is that some Chinese companies just want to sell but after that you are on your own.  Trade Assurance help to buy with confidence but if after the transaction is done and you have problems with the equipment and you get no support is useless because and the end you have something that is not working as expected.
Have had a very good experience
GARANTIA Y CALIDAD
dificuldades ao fazer o pedido
Trade Assurance is fair and response on time mostly.
Excellent resource for finding and working with so many vendors.  It literally puts the world at your fingertips
Trade Assurance give me peace of mind knowing I will get what I ordered or get my payment refunded.
The agents did not want to go through the evidence provided nor try to understand it, they just tried to get rid of the case. It looked like they were too lazy to get involved.
Fue muy claro y rápido.
The variety of products, the pricing and the quality of the products offered. Thank You for a great shopping experience.
not yet
плохое качество товара
The service Trade Assurance is very useful, you can not spend too much time with it and that the supplier of goods will fulfill all the conditions of the transaction.
Great service and the products (so far) have been perfect!
Mi sono trovato bene e rassicurato
because the time waiting is a lot
recomendaria pelo bom servi?o prestado na China.
You do not support anyone out side of China
I DONT HAVE REASON TO NOT RECOMMEND IS GREAT
Very good service, makes the trades safer and easier to do. Thank you Alibaba!
Easy, fast and trustly
отличный сервис
It assures safe trade
Everything I order came as it was offered.
Its extremely secure to buy from alibaba.com
fast and good service
Trade Assurance is the bond to the e-commerce business; without it some transactions would not be concluded. Takes out possible fraud; ensures quality of products sold/ordered; and much more...
All the process has been smooth and easy. I felt confident at all times.
n/a
the item i pay for has not arrived. It's for our company. No news about it, no money back, no response, no fast reply or shippment from fabric.
goods not delivered at all
Suppliers do not answer all questions, more interested in starting the deal
it make business easy
Here a provider made me a fraud and the support system does not work to raise a report.
Most of suppliers don't accept receive payment after product arrive. Sometimes they choose this option on alibaba system but don't send goods before get payment when the productios has been finished. Trade assurance system for make payment after get goods is not work properly.
Top !!!
porque es un robo compre hace 2 meses y me dice el poveedor que el producto que ordene y pague vale mucho mas sinceramente es un fraude me defraudaron 100dlls
Lo recomiendo siempre y cuando todas las transacciones se realicen dentro de alibaba
las compras se han realizado en muy buenas condiciones.y todo bien.
The products so far have been up to par and the service is fast and efficient.
service more fast, send to latinoamerica fast
no transparent comunication during the whole process. The company got the order and send the wrong items BEFORE any agreement could be made. The company promissed to deliver the right items and now I sit on a bunch of crap items and aliexpress close the deal. I'm not pleased with the whole ordering process. I'm not likely to use Aliwhatever again in the future.
The messaging center is terrible to use. It's difficult to find messages and navigate. Old messages are difficult to retrieve and almost impossible to search. When scrolling through messages it will randomly jump back and forth while loading messages preventing smooth scrolling.The app sends individual notifications for the same message thread so one conversation will show a dozen messages in the notification bar. Vendors who have never been constantly bombard users with offers for products unrelated to their business without solicitation adding to the chaos of the message center experience. The order center rarely loads properly and is difficult to navigate. Regardless of the number of orders in process it almost always returns "no orders found".
hola
No complaints with trade assurance at this time. Simple and worry free process with confidence in  knowing that Alibaba has my back during a transaction.
en la actualidad he tenido varios inconvenientes con proveedores al incumplir los días disponibles de envió posterior al pago del contrato, en una ocasión se proporciono un pedido de forma muy errónea afectando mi empresa, la puntualidad del envió es importante para mi empresa ya que dispongo de 25 días hábiles para su entrega a mi comprador final
ITS A TRANSPARENT PROCESS AND NO NEED TO WORRY ABOUT OVERSEAS TRANSACTIONS
I have found it to work very well.  I am not confident using a supplier if they are not willing to process the transaction outside Trade Assurance.
I would recommend because it is trustful and up front communication
Cheater and lier supplier
It's not easy to source
I have used it once, it was an epic fail. I was ignored
Not sure what that really is. I have never been concerned about it
very good
My products were not legal in Canada, company advised me that it was a beauty product which would not be a problem to import. Once I showed the refusal notice the man I had been speaking to told me it’s not his problem. Items shipped back to them, I requested for a refund and he blocked my account.
Great service and products!
Cause you have so good proveers
I prefer protections offered by Trade Assurance but find the website confusing to use.
Not impressed with shipping Company tracking
Buen tiempo de entrega productos son los que dicen
Easy to use, verified suppliers ensure a quality product
Excellent. The support and  follow until complete the order.
my only concern is ,,,,,being a new customer and not understanding the whole shipping process ….I think being a customer I should be able to track my goods from point A to B ….or supplier should give more information...all I was told is that I will be able to track it when it arrives at port.
Alibaba.com got better.
too complex
Sellers publish fake prices from product lists. The problems are solved when the referees stop acting as sellers' attorneys.
Good organization!
porque es mas seguro
i would becouse yo get good prices.
Ottimo prodotto-Massima serietà-alta professionalità-spedizione veloce-nessun danno al prodotto-tutto eccellente!!!
seguro y confiable
Easy and safe
Worked well, smooth, flawless transaction.
It help to be covered  with new supplyers and help to develope confidence
for me important to have
easy to use
nO SURPRISE
The costs are too much. Most of the suppliers does not want to receive payments via Alibaba.
commande honorée desuite
Trade assurance is the safest way to make payment to supplier without getting scam and its very easy and the payment processing is the fastest and safest mode .. I think Alibaba should never change this policies.Regards
do not know how useful it will be for small orders
We don't have this in our country.
I have pretty good experience other then my order was missing a iteam
i made Order No.: 22843395001020445in 17/11/2019didn't received my order on time after one month i made refund on 19/12/2019till now didn't received my refund amount
invoice which we got from supplier can we negotiate via alibaba to set our price. Can you do that?moreover, why our supplier add 10% commission to us when we place order. So Amazing!!If you have customer satisfaction after place order. we will prefer.
faster and safe transaction
affordable price with good product!
Good communication and good product, Only negative was the incorrect plug was supplied.
quality
The cost of shipping is disappointing where it makes no sense to make any purchases due to the outrageous shipping costs, very disappointed.
porque es muy probable que te envién algo que no coincide con lo que dicen que te están vendiendo y te van a enviar.
It is a good service
its work
because of the problem i got and with no fix for the credit card
El vendedor atento pero el producto aún no llega y el renvolso fue cancelado
im pleased
Trop de quantité
Some of the vendors try to evade the process. That makes it difficult to develop a level of trust.
I have a great working relationship with my contact, and can depend on her to always answer my questions quickly and efficiently.
No,yet.
protection and safety
have good attention and quick response and confindence
It is convient
Quick feedback despite the time zone difference. Professional supplier'sa attitude. Good overall purchasing and communication experience.
Trade assurance is a scam. The sellers use deceptive practices to scam buyers esp small time buyers and Alibaba helps them with its fake trade assurance
The suppliers are dishonest and stealing money simply, causing huge losses.
too many errors and don’t accept all cards
its very relaiable we can rely on the products its a win win situation for both parties
Good security
excelent
such a wide variety of products and awesome communication with suppliers.
I would recommend as it helps with trust in the seller and buyer we both are insured of no cheating.
Every things ok
because work good.
the reason for recommend is best therapy machine in the world why not you buy and try it do not wait.
hay muchas cosas muy recomendables
The Trade Assurance Service closed my order, when the products have not arrived, so is useless.The coverage has to protect the order until the products arrive and comply the quality specifications.
specially to Bolivia, the transport is very poor and under valued.
Great service and comms from supplier.
I have a refound request open from Sep 20th and after show all the evidences, until today Dec 31th can not take a solution.
I have not used it
Safe and trusted.
It has money security but the charges (%) is a bit high...I will be glad if the charges(%) could be review
Хороший продавец Ледяной Чен
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS EXCELLENT. THE FEEDBACK IS TIMELY.
Посылка шла 62 дня,  при обращении к администрации  оказывалась помощь покупателю с предложением различных вариантов решения проблемы. Я доволен, спасибо.
I like a lot but sometime you can not trust to all the trader I've been in general lucky , the time of shipment is not real in non of my order.. :-(
Fast and safe
Peace of mind
good service
te da seguridad de compra
Some items arrive AFTER trade assurance because of postage issues from sellers even if I give the absolute correct address. Some have not shown at all.
They don’t have all what I want
The Trade assurance service is very much safe for the buyer and seller. It's very much open and systematic approach to resolve the issues during trading.
Unable to adjust the strap with easy.
Very easy handel orders An mostyly find what you looking for
many suppliers to choose from
I would tell them to take the Trade Assurance Service.
es muy bueno el servicio mis amigos y yo compramos por aliexpress y ahora lo hacemos por alibaba
Provides security, would recommend
Don't trust Alibaba. No customer service at all
Many sellers do not respect published prices, but others are excellent but much time is spent looking for these good sellers!
GIVE TRUST AND CONFIDENCE TO BUY
The product I received was of poor quality, it made me sick.
16 days since I ordered and no update on location of tracking for over 12 days. Horrible service. 16 days and I have no idea where my item is. My business was dependent on this sample. Never again.
Good quality service
easy access to the suppliers
I have not yet received my order. Therefore, you should still release the invoice amount.I am still waiting for my order.
Alibaba is the biggest e-trade website in the world. Trade Assurance Service is so important for customers and suppliers don't want to lose their trustworthiness.
Excelente plataforma y facilidades de pago y envío
The sellers are a liars. They offer you something that then does not have good quality as they promise you.
N/A
Hasta ahora ha resultado todo bien, pero las alertas cuando un pedido esta tardando demasiado tiempo, no son de ayuda, mejor dicho, no me avisan que un proveedor superó el límite de tiempo de envío de mercancías.
haven't had to used it
Peace of mind
Because i had an issue with a supplier and i received the money back with no problem.
I bought 20 jackets and did not send them to me in full, additionally they all came with the counterfeit labels since the original labels that are cooked in the pre-cuts were cu
i feel save, spending so much money to a Person i have never seen
Очень хороший продавец.Very good seller.Allows a good discount.Original chips.Fast delivery.I am very happy.I advise everyone of this seller!
Es muy confiable
Great variety of products. Working directly with factories
Great seller!
Bonjour, Je suis dé?ue par la qualité des sacs à main qui ne sont pas aussi jolis que sur les images.Je n'ai toujours pas re?u une commande de faux-cils magnétiques.
So many similar products, it difficult to decide without the information about shipping.It is not clear that you have to wait for the vendor to respond to your purchase before you can pay.
I recommend it because it is safe and is backed by Alibaba. In this type of trade there are so many scammers.
I ordered a watch and the responsible person just asked for my order number days ago and they have not done anything since.
I like it.
Safe and trust
All my orders have delivered with no hustles!
was verry easy
secure
keeping calm
Очень удобно все для людей
Te da mucha seguridad y Alibaba a demostrado que su plataforma es muy segura porque responde ante posibles estafas.
Handling Charges is more
Everything from contacting suppliers to placing orders was very simple.
Производители размещают очень мало технической информации. Очень дорого стоит доставка образцов.
The shundiming contact person seamed polite and assistive but he promised things that he did not maintain.When I receined the produts thet did not meet the promised quality:shundiming wrote this:2019-11-25 11:18If lower than 3400mah ,we refund you full moneryI tested 12 units and I got avarage 3168 mAhAlso the battery packs were conected wrong.This opened an endless discussion
1. ??? ?? ?? ?????? ???2. ??????? ??? ??? ?? ??? ???? ?? ? ??? ??
Many manufactures to choose from. Many have great products and services. Shipping time is great considering from across seas.
The ability to buy through Alibaba Trade Assurance is by far the best feature. The second best feature is the ability to "Pay Later". I enjoy paying for a small quantity of product straight through the factory using Alibaba to first test the product and then come back to the manufacture to negociate a much larger batch order. This works very well for us.
good product , good price
Would - variety of choicesWould not - quite high exchange rate and transaction fees
Tuve problemas con algunos proveedores de telefonos no cumplieron con el tipo de envio y tampoco con el producto (nos enviaron un telefono que no sirve) luego no respondian ningun reclamo.Otras empresas de venta de productos si cumplieron todos los acuerdos, es solo por estas empresas que recomiendo esta pagina.
Issues with suppliers claiming they have not received full payment
Very safe, very easy interface
GOOD
Easy to use, easy to make a payment, feel safer
The experience is great and I feel so happy.
It is trusted , and I worked with Ouguan valve company , they are professional
Easier to use and find items.
Because its always in this word the biggest problem is nobody trusts anyone.When I see trade insurance I feel relax
It is a good service, which guarantees the quality of the products and the delivery time
It's useless to have rules if you don't apply them
The trade assurance system automatically marked my order as received. It was not received. You should find out when delivery is scheduled and then set the received date as that date. I am afraid that I do not have protection in the event that the good are not received.
More likely to go ahead with purchase if there is some kind of assurance in place.
this is the third time i use alibaba. twice I was satisfied. once I never received the goods and after a long time I got the money back.
I received the completely wrong order. Then filed a request for a refund. Was told the seller would be paying for return shipment for the wrong product sent. They didn't and then you denied me my refund. This is not acceptable at all.
coz I order one small machine from one month and I payed by credit card until now I didn't get the product the web site our shipping centre they didn't contact me at all&gt;
iam still waiting to see how my pending refund application goes
Very easy to use and gives a peace of mind that I am working with a reputable company.
I like the service, i believe if you do all communications on this site, alibaba can see what was agreed to, so if there is a problem, there is a record, but most problems are caused by shipping,
Very secure business with Trade Assurance
There are no interest in me recommending your store. May be if I was to receive something in return, it may be different.
Fidelidade no tratado.
You, people, do not have live chat on Trade Assurance service, because sometimes we on make mistake as human beings. on your sits.need to rectify the mistack so need to chat online regarding how to solve this mistack.
is safe and fast
very easy going and customer friendly
The duration it covers normally expires before I received my goods.
I would recommend it because it has prices that are confortable and its easily to chat with the seller.
Would: SecurityWould not: Credit card limit too low
Safety and convenient.
All satisfied
Good service
I would recommend it because it protects the buyer and seller when making purchases.
I received an order with USB's of different memory capacity and they were not marked. I have to unpackage each one from its box and plastic cover and connect it to the computer in order to see each USB's individual capacity.
Safe trade is the reason I would recommend to make transaction via Alibaba.
Good service and adds security.
I would recommend it to others based on my experience so far. The seller company I corresponded was very helpful. And they shipped my order fast AND used signature only.
Good customer services and wide selection of products. Kurt Lin has been very helpful to me.
I make my purchases using Alibaba's commercial warranty service, I feel safe, the chances of scam are diminished by a large percentage.
Recommended, followed through on order, item was as described and well made to specification.
I received good support from Alibaba
Quick and easy.
no comments
I would absolutely recommend it because it sets up higher trust to make business through Alibaba and also if the supplier has Trade Insurance Service I feel that , that supplier is more trustable.
The trade assurance doesn't protect the buyer's refund of the money for the product even though there was already a cancellation of the order. The reason for the cancellation of the order; the buyer didn't receive good quality and packaging,  and the product description is not what as described.
precise and promptly
I placed an order about two months ago and NOTHING has arrived
I
es muy seguro y los vendedores son muy amables
el sistema de seguimiento a las compras, felicitaciones y trabajen mas en ello serian invencibles
I would definitely recommend trade assurance service as i always order only from supplier with trade assurance. It is a great piece of mind knowing that my money is in safe hand until i get the products.
I've never had issues with anything purchased from Alibaba and love shopping here for my company
muy buen servicio
Trade Assurance assures me that I can wire my money to trusted people.
Because it's more trustworthy since almost everything needs to be paid in advance, and with the delivery some things arrived broken, so that's why it is so important.  I do not want to pay for things in advance and not get my money back or that it will be replaced.
trusted and trade assurance all your business .....
It automatically applies itself to potential transactions
YOu did not help me with the damage door I received. The reason it was damaged due to cheap thin plywood was used. I have asked many many time to use 1/2 inch plywood but the seller will not listen and the door came damage and cannot be used. Alibaba looked into it and took the side of the seller without going and reading all my correspondence in Alibaba system. I filed a complained with US consumer protection agency and the seller is black listed by our government. Now I am working on  US government to declare Alibaba Trade Assurance is Fraud.  Alibaba wants to give me $500.00 and then never send me the money either. This Trade Assurance is Fraud.Order No. 10007578001029733 Shenzhen Prima Industry Co., Ltd.Leave Messages
Contacting sellers using your chat application is absolutely terrible. It is very buggy and every time I ask a question it makes you add the product you are referring to.
excellent service with unique and safe trade assurance
nah
The delivery and product always arrieves on time. Its great.
expensive fee 2.9% so big
I honestly think trade assurance service don't take buyers concerns seriously. if we don't have an issue, you will never hear from us, but when we have an issue, I feel like my views and requests are not important. I have been called a liar over and over again by the seller, and have had to prove myself and the issues over several days, finally the seller admitting to lying all along, and the advertisement on your website is untrue, misleading and a lieI have spent several hours over the last few days and 5 hours today, dealing with this issue, and I don't want to deal with you or your lying sellers again.I have bought off Aliexpress  for years, and only came on here to buy the bag that was advertised, because its not available on Aliexpress, just  available on Alibaba and Dhgate.com, .and for the most part Aliexpress and their sellers have been excellent.I think I will be dealing with Dhgate.com from now on
Would Prefer to have specific written material and a direct way to contact Trade Assurance.
not responsible for the delivery until the end.
1) When insert pictures to the RFQ.  The last picture show first. Why??2) When open the pictures from the suppliers reply to my RFQ.  The pictures go to the corner of the screen, can't see the whole picture, can't move the picture.3) For every RFQ, only one or none provide real quota. Everyone give me a price of about half or close to the retail price.  It's totally useless.  Who's ready to do business??
I should have been refunded under the terms of trade assurance.
It's odd how your system marks an order as complete, before I even receive it. A seller shipped out something, tracking number doesn't show anything yet, but after a few days, the order was marked complete.
It has not really helped in my orders.
The variety of items really have great deal, but need to be careful to communicate or specify the item color or other details.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service. It is for the safety of your orders/products.
Because, Trade Assurance Service, inspired me security
We cannot clearly see the answer and we cannot cut and paste a picture in communicating.
Web site is disorganized, the messenger section is a mess.
por la rapides
Trade Assurance Service allow to deceive customers by nice photos at producer site. The real product is not as nice and qualitative.
troppo costoso il trasporto
Great service very responsive
There should be a link from the messages to the order page.  I am from the USA and it is very difficult to understand sales reps and get tracking info and keep them all straight.  NO one put their company info in the samples and it is very difficult to keep the messages linked to the orders...very confusing and has taken me hours...I am very frustrated.  When searching it would be nice to separate companies so you don't keep contacting the same company over and over.  Scrolling up and down is the opposite here in the USA so that is frustrating too. But other than those things I like alibaba.  Fix those things and you have a winner.
none
It makes the transaction secure and with no worries.
I had initial issues with my bank not allowing the transaction.
safe and secure business transaction
all is perfect and on time
Have received quality products, at good value, in a timely manner.  Having the Trade Assurance guarantee behind the transaction provides a sense of security in an otherwise faith-based transaction where no face-to-face opportunity exists.
Recomendaria, minha frustacao esta em as empresas aqui listadas, uma boa parte delas , colocam os presos, que talvez nao possam cumprir e quando entramos em contato mudam os precos, ou nem nos responde .Somos empresarios e queremos comprar, perder tempo com este tipo de atitude, sinceramente e perder dinheiro .
make me feel safe
I have had good experience with it
Depending of your needs, Alibaba is a great site to navigate through and service is good.
Safe to do business because of protection.
Great Services
safty
I never received my products
it is convenient and easy
Safe way to send money forward to suppliers.
very attentive and on point with protecting the buyer.
It?s my first purchase and after a month I haven't received the goods that I paid for.   Now I?m trying to get a refund.  I?m in the process that?s why I can't express a opinion about Trade Assurance
good
Because the best Customer Service
its seamless
Because we have tried to contact you several times about Trade Assurance fees are not showing on invoices/receipts. This is a problem for accounting when it comes to documentation. But you NEVER reply on this matter.
Because it is safe
becouse  it is more safer to have a deal
I think there is a difference in buyer responsiveness, but I feel we need a little more to use.
great assurance for delivering
fast transport
many kinds of items and/or businesses.
recomendaria porque é muito eficiente
I recommend Trade Assurance because it is a very good services
A-1 SERVICE
Alot of communication trouble with Seller and Alibaba service
very easy to work
Until now, i havent recived my goods, when that happens, i will think about it
Alibaba's whole line service is very good for buyer, but the only problem is, Alibaba is still not legal in India.I think Alibaba should have more works with Indian govenment to make it more popular in India.
live chat is not helpful at all.  so I wanted to call and talk directly to alibababut there are no help hotline nor telephone no.
Seller has no clue where my order is. I ordered something Dec. 7th and it has been 20 days since the order was processed.
Alibaba break rules and don't return my money. Call center doesn't understand English...bad communication and give me wrong advice.
excelente atención del el proveedor, tiempos de entregas
all fast shipping cost is to high, vendor rise price of item at final contrat or cancel contrat if we dont pay more than initial price.  vendor try. to negociate contrat by personal email out of alibaba email.
It didn't offer me any protection since there are no inbuilt quality requirements and the supplier is not honoring the quality agreement that was made. Also there was no way of contacting you or the person arbitrating the dispute for me, yet she seemed to speak with the supplier which was not fair. I'm not progressing with the order because the supplier has committed fraud by claiming to be a manufacturer. They have behaved very unprofessionally, threatened to delay my order indefinitely unless I paid in full before the inspection, etc. I informed the arbitrator but she ignored this important information and that the supplier was completely unwilling to compromise or negotiate and refused to refund any part of the money or change the order to 60 units which I had already paid them for. Alibaba must take fraud and misrepresentation seriously and will not tolerate lies, unprofessional behaviour, etc.
Some factories are producing low quality items, while other factories produce rather nice stuff. The items are never perfect but they are on par with what big corporations import into the US. This site allows small companies in USA to compete with large companies while also giving Chinese companies the ability to make more money than they would with exclusive contracts with US companies.
Very easy and effective
Good service and fast
Hola, buen servicio, estoy conforme con la compra por este medio.
It is a good method that ensures the quality of delivery and since then I trust the customer
Fast service.
I recommend trade assurance because it is security for both parties. It ensures people will do what they agreed to do even after the money has been sent.
A form of customer protection
It's the only way I'd use Alibaba, because without a third party the suppliers would not ensure quality. The actual functioning of it all could use a lot of help though to make it more user-friendly.
good suppliers and prices. The thing is that is difficult to pay in your website and the service provided by alibaba is poor
OK
Too much information is displayed and sometimes I just need to know the main things related to my order like exact value I paid and how I paid, order basic details and when I'm supposed to get it. You are doing a good job but when I compare this to similar websites like Amazon and eBay I find them much more easier to navigate.Another issues is that every time I click on something, like my messages or orders, a new tab opens. When I use alibaba website I end up opening more than 10 windows just by click on the same page.
NO RESUELVEN EL PROBLEMA CON EL PROVEEDOR, COBRAN LA COMICION POR TRADE ASSURANCE Y NO HAY GARANTIA DE REEEMBOLSO ESTOY PERDIENDO MI DINERO Y EL PROVEEDOR NO ENVIA EL PEDIDO
the options in alibaba are very limited. i am having difficulty finding what i really want.
I always recommend trade assurance,  unfortunately not all of the sellers have a risk free payment option, which can allow for many scams.
Trade assurance doesn't exist. We submit a claim, and all was to favor supplier. Suppier hasn't delivered and is not givin back what they owe us.
Ecospeed Samsung 600win the title, then product sent only pulls 477w, i would get a refund but i need the light and cannot go without it
it si segurity the product
My refund is taking to long and it is complicated to understand the process.
I am very satisfied
None
The trade assurance service is terrible.  I applied for a refund or an exchange.  Alibaba totally took the seller's side and I was left with merchandise that cost me $800 USD and was broken.  I am disputing the charge with American Express.  Alibaba should be ashamed for how they handled this dispute
They listen to your needs.
Es un poco complicada la relacion con los vendedores
you would
If The buyer can change the trade assurance Order like the supplier, Trade Assurance Order will be more clear. It is more convenient and clear to make the desired changes in the trade assurance order and send it to the supplier for approval. In addition, changes should be shown in a different color.
excelente servicio preventa y posventa
En ocasiones las comisiones de las transacciones son un poco altas
This service makes transactions more open. It made me more confidence knowing I could get assistance from a third party.
日本語サイトの充実を望む。
Sometimes it's didn't work when you reseller oral in specif case of oral irrigantio aren't broken.Usually I have trouble with 20% of the products .
Using this platform makes inquiries, purchase and protection pretty seamless.
everything is fine, but with delivery, the trouble is, sellers do not want to ship themselves or too expensive
Convenient and safe.
I am not understand you
Safety
Due to the stigma about doing business with the chinese,  Trade assurance allows me to feel safe and confident with my transactions.  The alternative option is Paypal but the fees are too much.  Trade assurance's fee is reasonable, on top of that, it gives me the same protection.
convinent and safe for order
I had a case, where a refund was required... and after escalating the case I was given only 24 hours to provide some video evidence, which I had already provided... and since I did not see that notification in time due to holiday and being on the road... the case was closed and I didn't get any refund, even though I was lied to by the seller on a number of things for the order!
Because there is no number to complain . China supplier send bad quality and there is no way to get our money back .
For the big value it is necessary recommend the Tade Assurance Service to protect from any problem.
its better priced than other competotors
It is safety
No action following according  to our complaint. we need supplier return money back but Shantou Rockss Automation has been shirk and vexatious delay.I think" Messenger" in Alibaba Application must  insert picture as PDF or etc for as a complete evidence between conversation.
Eficiente
The businesses treat the Americans better than the American business owners treat the American customers on average it seems. Basically, the Chinese people seem to try very hard to help the American customers and then business is made. It is a great place here. Very positive for the positive ones! :-)
Because is it more secure to make deals with Trade Assurance Service.
The order was done on July 31st and I did not receive it by now !!!
great service, interestable, comfortable and safe for purchase anything you like or wand on Alibaba however highly recommended
Firstly, Alibaba website guarantees me my rights in the event that there is tampering by the supplier, or in case there are different specifications or payment delays and thus greatly helped me to communicate more with more suppliers
I would recommend because is convenient for small businesses
I got trade assurance then I do not need to worry my order and payment will be a problem. it is good service for buyers to deal with new unknown suppliers.
You allowed a company to rip me off $143 on my first transaction with your "trade assurance" which obviously means you assure your partner gets to steal money and you protect them. i'm a lot more careful and only use alibaba as last choice because of it and i never suggest it to anyone including my 780,000 youtube subscribers who don't advise anyone to use it either.
Very easy to Order from Overseas Suppliers and also gives safety.
If very convenience & easy to go about it specifically when you get a reliable suppliers that respond to your needs on time.Wishing all the users of Alibaba trade Merry Christmas and Happy Prosperous New Year.
the quality is ensured
I does not met
It is good for bussiness
it is convenient for business.
It protects my investment
I use it but only when the seller agree to refund me the money they did it,
You feel confident to place orders that otherwise you wouldn't do.
its vary helpfull platfrom
Easy to find supplier
A vasta op??o de negocio, produtos, comercio, é bastante satisfatória o ALIBABA.COM  ( The wide choice of business, products, trade is quite satisfactory ALIBABA.COM)
The charge rate on it is very reason compare to other means of making payment. Secondly,  it's the best assured means of paying suppliers.
Communication with my chosen manufacturer was not easy. Much of my product came in poor shape and is not suitable for selling. The simple task of making sure the labels were properly applied was not done and damaged a lot of the products. The packing wasn't suitable to prevent damage during shipping either.
I am having problems with my order until today because it is close to 3 months and so far I have not received confirmation of arrival in my country!To make matters worse, when I came in with the refund measure and missed it, the site simply gave my order as completed, there is no way to claim the decision
I can’t get approved for pay later, I could be profitable if given a chance
I HAVE FILLED ALL I COULD AND I CAN NOT PAY. THIS IS TERRIBLE
Comfortable buying experience
Alibaba needs a phone number to talk to live people when there is a problem last time i has an issue it wasnt resolved very hard to file claim if you offer trade assurance you should make it easy to file a claim for the issue!!
No competitor for searching manufacture in China. I mean No.1 and good matching solution and trustworthy because you can hold my money before I accept "yes".
We are happy with the guarantee of goods and the reputation markings for vendors.  Some vendors request payment other ways yet they multi starts with your trade assurance - that is confusing and should be allowed.  everything should have to go through you.  There should be a way to complain about this type of request from vendors.
Makes payment and tracking safe and easy
it is a excelent service, help mi self to buy with some protection
le serieux .la richesse.la diversitéla variete
?
Safety and security
It's not clear how to really use it.
It is not warned that delivery times may vary according to national customs.the clarifications about the delivery are almost null, which causes a concern if the delivery will be madeIn my recent purchase it has been almost a week and the package has not been sent ------------------- (no tracking data appears)
Company is no help
SEGURIDAD QUE EL PROVEEDOR ES CONFIABLE Y ENVIARA LOS PRODUCTOS, PERO AUN NO HE TENIDO PROBLEMAS DE CALIDAD POST VENTA.
No answer at this time.
ok
Good and fast and easy!
At the top of my head is the delivery issue can alibaba can come up with somthing that can aasure delivery through your website
seguridad
1)Рекомендовать бы сильно не хотел из за конкуренции рынка!Здесь можно купить подешевле и у себя продать по дороже,но если таких будет много они сделают цену ниже и мне будет сложно с ними конкурировать!2)Не со всеми продавцами можно найти общий язык,нужно что бы цены на сайте соответствовали цене продаж и автоматизирован склад наличия продукта!Что бы лишний раз не беспокоить продавца.
Trade Assurance provides a layer of protection from purchase to you secure the goods without the necessity to place a business hold on the funds.  This allows us as business owners to shop with more freedom and a greater access to goods.
because my buyings are saving with Trade Assurance Service, i feel more confiance with this service.
Alibaba trade assurance feature is very helpful for the deals with unknown suppliers.
Всё отлично работает, никогда не зависает. Поставщик порядочный. Всё хорошо
Yiwu Dream Accessories Trading Co. LTD send totally wrong size of products and they keep asking to return the shipment with our cost. even i am upset about we waste our money for deliver to USA. how dare they can request to ship it back by our cost ?????? what is the common sense this came from?????
very good Service!
Satisfied
It is better to have it.But with my first dispute Alibaba do not take a decission.
will get the better assurance for business
I got what I ordered in an acceptable time frame. Good customer service too.
We Think Trade Assurance Service is good.
I ordered on 13th december and you did not confirm my payment and even you are not refunding unless giving me headache
It help you a lot
Esta muy bien, con proveedores certificados
It is really safe and the items are of very good quality, delivery was very fast
Я не знаю что это.
It was a simple process and the product was delivered as promised with the product quality matching what I was able to see online.
Not easy to understand
Less cost and risk
Best place to buy every thing.
fiability
fast and efficient. most supplier are honest
Always room to improve. Knowing more about suppliers before purchases. Easier access to third party help.
llego en buen estado lo que estaba pidiendo
Simple, easy to use.  Some guarantees covered regarding shipment and quality of goods
everything is save to me and the suppliers are very greatful thanks
easy to use and have a lot of choices for pretty much anything you want to look for
It protects all parties from fraud and there is a lot of it out there.
Never had a major reason to use it, and the shipping damage once in the country is not covered?
Мне попался продавец обманщик, претензию я открыть не смог.
la debolucion fue buena
it's very good but quite complicated for me, but try to make understanding with the system
Custumer support from supplyer is really great
I still havent received my product and say my order is closed. I try to look at tracking of my order but there is no information
because suppliers defrauded me and sent the goods missing
Good communication, quality products.
Alibaba ist unsere wichtigste Gesch?ftsgrundlage
Simple, efficient and business like
Very help full, provide full range of enquirers. Give the best product.
Need some time to acquire
Because when you're buying from someone you don't know in another country, you know your money is safe.
Reduction in the service charges will be helpful
trade assurance gives ease of mind with each purchase, I have not had to use it, but I am glad its there as a safety net.
not really sure i understand it enough to properly recommend
Convenient
lo recomendaría
Замечаний к сделке нет. Все корректно.
its very automated so a bit restricting if you have a concern
Easy to use
Recommend! Correct, fast, high-quality work. Thank you very much!
None
user friendly
eu nao recebir o produto que comprei e nao fui ressascido.o produto era o tve nao recebir o codigo
My options to choose and easy to contact with owners.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it's very risky ordering from suppliers you've never met before and have no idea if they have your best interest at heart, you need all the assurance and security possible.
We would recommend.
Security
Very difficult to communicate,  very confusing website. This is the hardest part. The merchandise are very, some extrem6great quality, some very poor
I would because it safe.
Product ordered NOT delivered!
Рекомендую
Trustworthy and fast services, with capability to customise. Very competitive pricing and value for customers.
Trade Assurance gives a positive response incase of any dispute and also quality of the product
Easy and supper. I trust Roundfin.
ON TOP OF THEIR JOB AND PROVIDE EXCELLENT SERVICE.
Please change the email link back to what it was, the current link from email accounts is frustrating, I save a link in my email to a certain supplier, I click on the Link to go back to that supplier and and I can't, Instead I get Alibaba App download page which I already have the App.
web interface need to update ,bit slower and login issues
all is okay
Communication barrier and repetitive and too pushy , most of the time the answer is not relevant to the technical requirement
CHINA SUPPLIER IS PROFESSIONAL AND GOOD SERVICE AND QUALITY
you people are horiable
Cost
confusing website. A lot of back and forth with suppliers with out clear pricing.
Suppliers are very dishonest
..
ok
Easy and safe
Recommend as buyer protection
Good Product
Not helpful, didn’t solve my issue, gave me more headache
I need fast and free payment methods.
Not tried, yet
The Trade insurance service makes shopping as safe as shopping next door.
Very secure way to trade comfortable and feel safe
les reponses sont tres rapides
It give confidences to buyers
I find the service good the feed back good, the product quality good - I want to build an online business with Alibaba on specific products I need & use
The insurance is good but takes too long to make a decision. More details of length of time needs to be given to customer. Very confusing.
Ho riscontrato una qualità ed una risposta in termini di socializzazione molto forte, un altissimo volume e varietà di articoli sui più svariati campi produttivi!
Buena atencion
Really fast
no
none
Works well
Easy to use. Protects my orders from fraud.
es bueno , es confiable , pero en caso de de mal producto o mal proveedor aun ay deficiencias por tiempo y momentos malos para el comprador
Trade assurance is very good
Great communication
very easy, helpful and fast service
so you have peace of mind when dealing with people whom you do not actually know
I have received damaged goods and was not refunded my funds
THE TRADE ASSURANCE IS NOT SUPPORTED SO IT IS VERY INCONVENIENCE FOR TRAD OVER SEAS BUSINESS IN THE NETHERLANDS
Yes, guaranteed money safety.
gives you an extra assurance and trust in the supplier
You have to work a little more with suppliers because they send you the wrong merchandise and then refuse to take responsibility.  Such is the case of the last one that I bought some machines and sent me some seed wheels that are not and refuses to send me the ones that I need.
add more sample products for experiment
it's safe with the trade assurance
Have no experiences with any benefits or negative sides of the Service
Because now, im involved
Most of the sellers dont use it. Alibaba's interface is OVERLY complicated.
feeling safe
Lots of diversity, some good prices, but also some misleading information from suppliers.
Pingping has excellent service! I will order more.Thank you Pingping.
trade purposes
Great service
I like the thorough ground for communication and the easy to navigate website. I would honestly say the website is fine as is but the communication/message tab could be way simpler.
Better quality than Aliexpress products.
access to multiple suppliers
easy
Everything is as expected.
Great service fast shipping quality product
Feeling comfortable and assured of my business transactions.
the rep was very professional and straight to the point
i made order and till today i didnt receive it, the insurance close the date as if i receive it, i contacted the suppler they said that they send it again, and till today nothing
lots of products available
gives me peace of mind knowing my purchase is secure
Excelent service
Great service.  Love the place i bought from,
Its a little bit confusing when getting started, but i am finding way now.
fast and easy
Seriousness and compliance.Credibility
Very helpful, shipment successfully made it.
I had ordered 10,000 Flairosols from Vendor (Shenzhen Anlihong Technology Co., LTD) off aliababa and they shipped me the product with water in the chambers. All bottles arrived with mold growth in them and the vendor refused to fix problem and I lost $15,000 USD to this fraud from your website. P.O. NUMBER: 00319Address: ?Factory Add: 1/F,Building B,Xin Wang Yuan Nong Innovation Park, Shenshan Road 1150, Pingshan New District, 518122, Shenzhen City, China
I recommend it because the service is of excellent quality and is safe!
use only trade assurance suppliers because your order is insured against loss of money.
none
on some product you cant use visa card to make payment
everything is OK
Rapidez. Facilidad para ejecutar pagos con TC
The people I dealt with are efficient and alibaba guarantee your transactions
Not sufficient experience to rate yet.
Tradining through Trade Assurance Service is more secure for both parties.
I uploaded the evidence that Trade assurance manager asked for and they lied and said I did not  and closed my case even though I even let them know that the seller did not even send me what I asked for
The Service is Good and safe
Compromiso y seguridad
We have guarantee to get the product. But better the delivery time is little bit longer to avoid any problem in delivery
goods are not been shipped and  dispute refunds are not being processed
RECOMENDO PORQUE FUI MUITO BEM ATENDIDO PELOS VENDEDORES ONDE COMPREI
It is a service that secures customer payments until after product verification.
If you have "gold" menber, they have reputation and known to be OK, Trade insurance for New  members/seller on your platform
I was not refound by supplier for having received damaged instrument, even with your consent.
safe and easy
Be careful with sellers
all right
so far, so good
ALGUNOS PROVEEDORES NO RESPONDEN RAPIDO
The quantity is too big for order.  Small quantity price too high
no reason
assurance both buyer and seller
I will recommend the Trade Assurance Service because it secures my business
very hard to navigate impossible to speak to anuyone
i haven't used this service yet, so i don't have enough information on it
Request for Quotation is best.It's so wonderful.
es muy invasivo, y molestan tantas cosas al buscar un proveedor
Is easy going to work
GOOD SERVICE. AND GOOD ATTENTION FPR CLIENTS.
The protection offered is "better than nothing". The function is pretty good overall, but most buyers don't trust that they will be reimbursed if there is a transaction dispute.
The suppliers have trouble fulfilling orders correctly, even with great amounts of detail. I do not know if it's the language barrier, but it is difficult to receive the correct product. Even products that are not modified come different than advertised. It's a long process when the quality control is in flux.
non comment
Trade Assurance makes it very simple and straightforward to do business with our overseas business partners.  It is an excellent service and we highly recommend it.
I had no problem, so...
i'm not sure it is working
Fast and trusty
It was easy and straight forward
It is safe
easy ordering and great products
It was my first time ordering on this platform, wow the experience was great and service assuring that i will received my good.
everything was fine!!!
secure trading and great deals
In Transit.Refund amount:USD 32.09Do you receive the goods:No, I haven't received the goods.Description:i'm confused, last week to pay parcel to come my office for postal department. I'm order submit for including the shipping charges. i c'not interest return back of postal. pls refund the my payment for 32.09 USD or Indian rupees. thanks
Not all providers are certified.
trade assurance is important to us buyers i want to make sure that the products are not damage or incomplete before we accept orders aside of that at least they give official receipt warranty for products like gadgets appliances etc
I am very satisfy with the service I received from this buyer, products are in very good condition and in good quality.
I want to complain about the menu ,too difficult to find direst ...over options , make it simple pz
GOOD THINK: A LOT OF SELLER, BED THINK: A LOT OF THEM ARE NOT
large choice and quick contact for advice
I received a message from Alibaba saying that time for Trade Assurance expired, but I had no time to open a dispute before receiving that notification. In fact I didn't receive the goods and the seller is not replying my email messages neither whatsapp.
I do not receive the quotes for the articles enquired.
My first purchase was very satisfying in every respect.
I feel protected when buying a product.
great customer servicegot what I asked for
I thank you for all the extra insurance that Alibaba has done but FALSE advertising for prices is still happening, it is a shame that Alibabe can not make companies stand by what they advertise as it is really annoying having to wade through all the false advertising
It gives you peace of mind and makes you feel confident that you are negotiating with the best providers.
Good quality assurance and peace of mind
I would recommend it for the security it offers in our purchases
Those heads have an internal seal, Unfortunately, the seal was damaged. That's why it's giving you that problem. there are lines when I am printing. the printhead is bad.I need your help and solution for my machine because I was doing everything that do you told me and anything is ok, the  printhead is BAD..PLEASE HELP!!!!
No lo recomiendo porque no es agil la forma de comunicarse con el vendedor, compre un producto y nunca me lo evnviaron, me cobraron demas y aun sigo sin recibir el pedido.  muy poco claro la informacion en la pagina
RAPIDEZ
hubo fallas en mi maquina
Amazing services and was very understandable about preference and was very patient. Once I am done with my first order, I will definitely be placing another order!
Because you sell everything and have not had any issues.
It gives me confidence in buying from a factory overseas.
I received faulty or broken goods.  I ordered 1000 plastic Owls and 75% of them are crushed dented broken and cannot be used.
Could not get the product to work
Slow and no response from suppliers many times.
Definitely would recommend trade assurance. It works on your behalf and holds the companies to a standard to offer quick resolutions on issues. It has come in handy on more than one occasion.
Thank you for your professional advice and help.
The arrival time of purchases
there are lots of fake scammers trade assurance helps find the good traders who are genuine
Last order placed what incorrect
Excellent service, even after delivery they will not stop until everything works fine
I AM NOT CONFORM TO THE LAST PURCHASE AND I DON'T SOLVE SOON MY PROBLEM
--
he tenido una experiencia buena
Good Service
I have not had problems.
All questions were answered quickly!
here service is a very good standard level
I will recommend
i am recommend the trade assurance, because you are assured from cheater.
Very safe with all transactions using trade assurance.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it's a another safe step to pay a large sum of money to a company that we don't know personally.
quick service
I would recommend.
I have nothing negative to say
I LIKE IT TO BE JUST ME AND ALIBABA DONT WNAT TO GIVE AWAY MY SUPPLIERS.
Very safe.
I would recommend Alibaba for any business owners and personal buyers. Many trade companies are willing to work with the buyer to accommodate their needs and comfortably when purchasing both large and small orders.
it was good and very reassuring and everything worked out well.
Nenhum motivo em específico
Is easy to buy, and easy to pay
Ordering from China direct can be intimidating and make someone nervous. I am having small problems with my order that make me unsure of how good the supplier is at honoring their end of the deal. My main items seem to be excellent which is why the bad customer service ruins everything. You can look at my messages between myself and the supplier and see. Most recently I have not heard back from them in a week. I have 3 read but not replied to messages. Earlier I caught them lying about my order delay.
its easy. i am very happy and have never had a problem at all.
high fees
You guys only protect your suppliers NOT OUR BUYERS
I absolutely love Trade Assurance. Gives me a peace of mind knowing that it will be taken care of if something goes wrong. Thank you!
insurance that i will either get the goods or get reimbursed
Convenient and secure
esta todo bien
I like knowing that my money is protected in the case the seller does not offer to what has been agreed.
I have placed my order since november 17 and I have no news since that date !
for safety and seriousness
NO
The time for confirm reception of products should not be automatic.
I always recommend Alibaba to my friends because it is like a big plaza, where you can find the person selling just whats your looking for.
I would recommend Alibaba but not the last factory I used as they delivered 2 months late 60 days and they tried to put extra money on the total costs before they shipped
N/A
Some times not working well , error in payment
I don't know what could I do if I received the wrong product or the quality as not expected the trade assurance help.
it is safe
I RECOMMED FOR SECURE TRANSACTIONS
got wrong products shipped an co. refuses to help out at all! never n my life had an exp like this!!!  stay clear of wuxi dl indust
Quick replies from suppliers
Charges are higher as compare to other payment method
it's very cheap
bad quality items even when they are supose to be "new" it comes with scratches and battery problems
speed
It is very famous already.. The only thing I would improve would be to add a link to the ordering on the message center. It is not easy to have to research the name of the company and the product, once we chat with someone.Thank you,Bérengère
very good
Very confusing and inaccurate
I recommend
The product I ordered is fantastic quality!  And the price was amazing too!  I will order from again.
Some of the suppliers are very uncooperative... thats why i didnt put 10.
because it is a practically safe way to do business
Hard to understand
Everyone has been easy to work with.
Some producer do not make such a compendent impression on me
нет
for the simple reason that at the moment I have never had problems with orders and related payments
It provides some guarantee that the product will arrive
NA
Alibaba closed my order as complete before I got my goods which means I would not have the 30 days to inspect my goods, this is teh main reason I used Alibaba but I'm disappointed with the out come
all ok
this supplier really provide good service
Sono molto contenta  perché ti spingono tutto
推奨する
Safe, secure and easy transaction
i had a supplier semd me bad quality products, i made complain to alibaba, ali did not assist me, ask me to get thirs party quality check and told me its not written in the contract, so no approve bad quality. The alibaba is a very low quality service only charging money no help no intention to run the business long term.
For good protection
Your services are super cool except the real-time tracking of the items is very slow and had me worried a bit but i am wearing my watches now.Thanks Guys and keep up the good work
Actual trading is ok but web site functionality needs more improvements.
great  services
Easy and trust
N/A
all great thank you
This is very convenient.
Всем буду рекомендовать
It is convenient for buyers and imposes accountability on manufacturers to meet their obligations. It is a fantastic system for buyers who are less experienced in working with international manufacturers.
good customer service
It makes me feel safe.
simple  login is needed and website design should be improved .. over all service is good
so far has been  a pleasant platform for trade
I gave up a refund request which was deleted by the system without my intervention. I did not receive the goods.
I recommend  Trade assurance because it protects the consumer from bad products by dealers so the customer can get their money back if product is not good or not working
,
Its a good system - highly needed
Very good follow up, tracking, assurance, etc.
Because the products are of very good quality and also has a 2 and 5 year warranty, it is fabulous
Safe
Good
I am very pleased with the security of this transaction. Thank you.
To help others save money
none
easy, secure
very OK
Good
It is easy for both buyer and seller to access it.
A little scary to order from another country without ability to communicate with someone that has excellent english skills that is in same time zone.
yes
Not all suppliers are responsive. Trader assurance protects my investment.
inconsistent pricing and quoting
trust
The extra insurance is very reassuring, I've heard some bad stories about losing orders or other problems so I like to be careful.
too early to judge
good communication , fast helpful
i will use if needed in future
Takes some time to get used to the interface. Apart from that the service is excellent and I would recommend.
site information clear and convenience
n/a
Highly recommend, builds confidence when sourcing knowing there is recourse and security when trading on the platform.
je n'ai toujours pas re?u ma commande. Je ne comprends rien à vos messages. Cela fait deux fois que je me fais berner pour votre site. C'est une honte
I will rccomend it
It gives you peace of mind and makes a person feel protected
Very good service all process
The Process is slow in getting a resolution
easy to use
No, excellent service.
me genera confianza de que recibire el producto que pedi
Safety on our money and product (added protection)
I would definitely recommend trade assurance because due to trade assurance buyer feels secure that incase of any issue seller would be bound to rectify.
no
Good service
me gustaria un consultor de dudas, o de importaciones
The funds being held until the transaction is complete is great thing.
What is the Trade Assurance Service?  don`t understand the question
fast delivery and good products
because is a good way and guarantee to get the correct good
Aditional charges when paying with credit card.
because its a good service
everything is good
Warranty
all good
I would recommend Trade Assurance service, because most of all, it's safe and give you a peace of mind.
Because
Everything went smoothly
I haven't need that yet so I'm not sure how that really work if have some problem.
Safety.
I will not help the competition but it is really easy to do business with Alibaba so im  very satisfied.
too much problems to make the first order and too many time to solve the problems.the payment methods are very limited. I can not make a normal tranference from here.
no
It gives buyers confidence to proceed which they would not have otherwise
дешево
very reliable and helpful when there is an issue
Очень быстро и удобно
None
No
I do not have experience in trade assurance
peace of mine
Very fast communication, good product and good price.
prompt service
I will recommend this as this helps buyer to guarantee his money.
есть гарантия оплаты за товар и есть возможность вернуть свои деньги
Good
Efficient
It is safer for the buyer and it is straightforward.
It is good and trustworth website
Trade Assurance recommended to all transcation.
security
Automatically marks orders as "Complete" when goods have not been received by buyers. Many parcels take longer than 15 days to arrive, many parcels take about 30 days to arrive. We should be able to notify Alibaba when goods are received even if it takes longer than 15 days as this would allow buys to be protected.
Easy
So far I don't have any reason why not to recommend to my friends.
**
It gives us a piece of mind to prevent falling to scammers and fraudsters.
very easy
Trade Assurance is Safe for both Buyers and Sellers.
All GOOD
great customer service, fast respond, fast shipping, affordable, etc... million stars
Its fast, safe and easy process to pay and make orders.
It is easy and safe.
Minimize the risk of payment to none well known firms oversea.
I'm now looking forward to doing business with you
Suppliers have ways to by-pass this. Too long to explain in here, get in touch if you like to hear more. Also, it is impossible to rectify warranty issues through Alibaba and we're at the mercy of the supplier.
There is no reason, it is great
I like that we can use credit cards, but the fees are high.
excelente
en la linea de tiempo que se indica, dice que ya tengo el producto y no me ha llegado, levanto la disputa y no indican nada, estoy muy molesto
I dont understand Trade Assurance. I DO NOT want to comment about trade assurance. I have one major complaint about ali baba and if that was fixed it would be the greatest business on earth!!! Your search engine for products is horrible and one must spend hours and hours getting past the things they do not want because your search engine is not strict enough in following my search words. You are losing millions becuase of this.
not good
the sellers are not that much responsive nor taking care of buyers information regarding deliver address and also courier service which are giving is not beneficial because already paying a huge amount for freight charges and they are additional charges again in destination country.
Buena Atención envio rapido y producto bueno
So far all our transactions have been very smooth, so very confident with the Alibaba Trade Assurance service.
pocas plataformas en internet son tan diversas y te dan la seguridad para comenzar a invertir, me a ayudado a crecer mi negocio desde que empece a comprar por aqui.
Most vendors are easy to communicate with and I've only had to apply for a refund once and the process was super easy
It's easy to use with transaction assurance
Affordable.
It was easy to find suppliers
ù
I ordered a Detroit Pistons jersey and for the Capital D they just used a lower case 'a' and flipped it backwards.
Has great product variety and pricing
Need a Russian speaking support!
Preventing damage from poorly transported products
Havent used it yet
After providing the evidence, and completing the transaction through trade assurance, the dispute representative did not provide sufficient reason for not providing our refund. We provided the screenshots proving that the buyer did not send us the products correctly, yet we still had no refund, not even a partial refund.
it assures you you will get items paid for.
A++++++++++++ you the best
I found it very unsettling that Ali Baba kept telling me that the Trade Assurance Service had literally expired many weeks before I had any possibility that my shipment from China to Houston, Texas by overseas transport could possibly have arrived.  I was so frustrated that I supposedly had Trade Assurance -long prior to delivery - that I worried and kept contacting Ali Baba with no response.  I repeatedly bothered my wonderful supplier who kept assuring me that the shipment had been made and would be delivered as agreed.  The system failed to provide me with the peace of mind that was expected.  I have no idea what would have happened if my supplier had not been so honorable, as I do not know, thank goodness, whether Ali Baba was intending to Assure my transaction.  I felt it so upsetting that I would much prefer now to deal without having Ali Baba between me and the merchant.
some customers are unable to purchase items in larger quantity therefore, i suggest to you sell your items starting at 1 unit.
Very efficient and safe.
Not really functionnal in good time
yo lo recomendaría, el trato con los proveedores es casi instantáneo y si hay algún error, la corrección es super rapida
No
Protezione ordini se dovesse andare male qualcosa...
I would recommend
Trade Assurance Service is very kind
safety transaction
the supplier are not profissional and took very long time to ship the goods, and when recived the good it is borken
I was notified when the order had been sent and it arrived far quicker than I expected, which I'm very grateful for. Communication with my manufacturer was quick and helpful, so I absolutely recommend these services.
Great service , reliable
very good business
Safe way of trading with Chinese companies. I would however like that there were less focus on calendar, IE, if the goods is not arrived on the dates set by the trade assurance, it is lapsed, It would be better to relay more on feedback.
everythings is ok with Trade Assurance Service, only somethime, for people who desn t have a good English and do not very efficiency in electronics wrold,  it s a little bit difficult
products were not of good quality
Very good deal, vey fast delivery.100% Satisfied
Makes it easy for suppliers and buyers to meet, do business, make payments.
No.
I can recommend Alibaba
Agent was very good
Good Service, I am satisfied
I am very confident in my orders and the manufactures I'm dealing with.
Some traders are not trustworthy. . Some products are very poor quality.
n/a
I didn't use this service yet but I think is more guarantee for the product.
Very good company to deal with .
Great communication and product.
works great
We need all the help we can get.
I received the product very fast.
perchè Alibaba sta dalla prte dei clienti in particolar modo quelli onesti
Tive um ótimo aten??o por parte do vendedor
Very easy to order and communicate.
n/a
Guarantees security to customers.
Seems like a good form of buyer protection.
thx
It gives you some peace of mind when ordering with suppliers.
Because alibaba not always match to good providers. You need to pay a lot of money to them for matching with good providers
No comment
I talked to an Alibaba agent after we could not find a solution with a seller, explaining my case: Seller promised me a DHL shipping and import duty paid but I still had to pay for import duty. Alibaba agent said that she read in our chat that I was notified about the seller changing DPD shipping to DHL and that I agreed to the cost. That was a total lie, I was promised DHL shipping + import duty from the get go. I got a feeling that the agent wanted to close the case since the seller wasn't willing to pay the full import duty but only offered 50%. We settled on 50% but it left me with a sour taste in my mouth, because it was my first time buying and I thought insurance meant insurance and not half insurance.
trusty app
because it very useful for businesses especially  new startup companies
It is hard talking with some of the companies.  Translation is not good at times.  I dont understand why I paid for an order a weeks ago and it hasnt shipped yet.  After paying they said they did not have all the items I wanted.  Asked if I wanted a refund, I said yes, then they said they had a few more of what I ordered but not all.  and so on.... I am still waiting for them to ship and to send me a list of what they actually have and are sending!  Nothing yet.....To place an order not though email is difficult.  Especially when there are different color options to order.   I purchased samples.  I have asked for a document with the items number and code for each color so I can place an order and never received one.  Makes it difficult after getting samples to place the order.
lo recomiendo por que es seguro la aplicacion...sin embargo, no hay normas para minoristas.
spese doganali
I would
speed, reliability, and correctness in ordering.
I believe having a third party entity (Trade Assurance) is a smart and necessary means of conducting international business.
quick response
nvt
One of my suppliers is not replying to my message and it would be crucial since they told us that the order is going to arrive at the 6th of december which was yesterday. From that day no answers were given to us.
First order I do and I'm having big difficulties to get fright information of supplier.
The payment method should be expand to paypal!
Would recommend cause all things ypuve been looking is in here
Poor communication regarding orders after goods have been paid for.  Poor tracking services
The assurance it provides gives the user a peace of mind.
good service, platform is easy to use and work with, the only downfall of the platform is that every time time i click on a tap or anything it opens a new page bar on the browser, sometimes this can be a lot.
????? ??????? ????? ??  ????? ?????  .. ?? ???? ????  ?? ????????
can not meet some request of the shipping way.
IT WAS VERY HARD TO DO THE ORDER..YOU COULD NOT SPECIFY THE EXACT PIECE. THE ORDER PROCESS WAS VERY DYSFUNCTIONAL AND HARD TO UNDERSTAND WHAT TO DO. IT WAS DIFFICULT TO ADD TO THE ORDER. AS YOU KNOW I HAVE ORDERED SEVERAL  TIMES AND NEEDED THE SUPPLIER TO FILL THE ORDER OUT FOR ME. THE SUPPLIER WAS VERY KIND AND UNDERSTANDING OF MY INABILITY TO BE ABLE TO SORT IT OUT. THE SUPPLIER TALKED ME THROUGH SEVERAL TIMES HOWEVER THERE WERE PARTS OF THE  PROCESS THAT WERE IMPOSSIBLE TO ACHIEVE AND TO SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETE THE ORDER WAS IMPOSSIBLE.
?????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????2%???????????????????????????????
good service, good respond.
Not necessary
no
Call me.
no, all are very good.
Very Professional service
Se muestra la traducción de En algunas ocasiones el equipo de disputas no es justo con sus decisiones. Considero que las compras son 70% seguras.Traducir En algunas ocaciones el equipo de disputas no es justo con sus decisiones. Considero que las compras son 70% seguras.117/5000Sometimes the dispute team is not fair to its decisions. I consider that the purchases are 55% safe.
I think is good
it lets you know what is going on step by step
Strongly recommended due to safety of transaction and quality control
The failure to comply with the order due date and the seller's unwarranted response and refusal to reply are too unreliable (ex: Ivy Chen)
Trade Assurance gives you some very excellent benefits to assure the buyer of professional assistance and comforting guarantees when purchasing  products from manufacturers far away from their home location.
I bought and paid for two items, but both were not received till now.
I would recommend for the products and attentions of suppliers
Some vendors are not good feeling for me.
I don't get problem at the moment
hi
Security
Easy to contact the sellers and to close a deal
I would recommend this service because everything went great and it was easy.
I purchased via Alibaba Tade Assurance and left my ecidence but Alibaba took the sellers side and the sellersaid I received my package but I sent proof on the dispute that I was still in transit. I aked them to show me where I signed in ink but they gave me no proof and Alibaba said I didn't send proof and closed the case
well thought out and implemented
Comfort in knowing my investment has a guarantee
I would recommend it because it for the best.
Gets the goods done
mein Auftrag wurde gecanceld, meine bezahlten Relais sind nie angekommen. bitte zahlen sie mein Geld auf mein Paypal-Konto zurück.
I would highly recommend Alibaba because the website is plain, easy to use and is mostly on target in price and  items I am looking for. The best part is that I can receive items within 2 weeks but wished it is faster to arrive because when I buy, I need it soon. Also, the translation or direction REALLY needs to IMPROVE!! I can not understand most discriptions !! Finally,  I hope you encourage distributers to sell more items in sets of five  not hundreads or thousands. Sometimes I need to purchase and see how it sells before I order by the hundreads. The prices are very good and that is why I highly recommend Alibaba.
Transaction was easy. Got my products in timely manner. And I am very satisfied with my products.
Great peace of mind.
The website provides excellent opportunities for small businesses to build their businesses with suppliers and other small businesses.  The community of small businesses develop beneficial relationships and trust by interacting through a secure network and effective operational apparatus.  Thank you, Alibaba, I'm proud to be a part of your community.Gracefully,Selena Coleman-Carson, CEO/COO/CFOST Coleman Enterprises, Incorporated
The Trade Assurance system works well to protect funds when dealing with unknown overseas companies.
I recomend
cuando tuvieron que renvolsar el pedido, fue rápido, mejoraría que alibaba elija cual es el seguro mas conveniente para asegurar la mercadería de personas que no entienden de seguros.
I feel assures and that if something goes wrong at least I would get my money back.
аааааааааааа
Have never needed it but it is good to know that the service is available if I need to use the sevice
very helpful & get you direct to your need
Fully trackable and transparent transaction
recu
roclebel@lancelotbiotech.ca
no build in shipping system, so buyer doesnt know the exact cost of shippingbut even if they implement it, SF express must be included, why include US company shipping but not china's ownpayment system is good for US citizens, how about the rest of the world? where is alipay, wepay credit card charges is high which i cant complaint much since alibaba needs some money from somewhere, at least alibaba is transparent about the cost
I would Highly recommend it because have almost any or item that is needed for any business!
My order has not arrived and the page already process the payment of the product when I still did not specify which was delivered.
N/A
it easy and stress free
It is usefull
Shopping is easy.  Everything in one place.
C'est rassurant
it is easy to do business
Easy and quick service.
Great following, security, everything is clear.
No refund for none working item
i ordered iphone 5s and it is locked , i couldn't use phone, i told about that to seller and he said that he will send me the another one i hope he will send it, if everything will be ok i will take back my words.
I recommend it because make us feel secure about the purchase
I'm just starting out on Alibaba. Trade Assurance gives me extra trust in the Alibaba platform. Trade Assurance makes it easier and less risky to start on Alibaba.I like the Trade Assurance.
best service to protect both parties
ok
I am satisfied
Per la qualità dei prodotti
Satisfied, but sometimes the given  price on alibaba is less expensive than after !
i Would recomment cause its very simple
Optimal service, find everything i search, hope that the ordered prodoucts are as we expect
Por la garantía en el servicio. Aseguráis que los proveedores cumplan con ciertas normas que a los clientes nos da tranquilidad.Muchas gracias.
no
It is good for business and meet expectation. makes it easy shopping on Alibaba.
it works properly
very good
thanks
Alibaba is very good platform to find sellers/buyers mainly in China. will appreciate is other world's regions will be presented more actively.
worst service ever. unfair . you are just helping chinese company against usa companies
Safe
Fees are high.
unrealiable and poor quality products and customer service
of course i would likely recommend trade assurance service because first and foremost the safety of payment.
Speedy response from suppliers and easy to use Alibaba.
Prompt service
Payment security and easy sourcing platform
My first order is a big disappointment, the goods I bought are of poor quality, do not work as it should and after time it broke.
Cannot track actual shipment by railways. Cannot find invoice of purchases
Great platform, easy to use
the parcel arrived on time. the product was very good. all perfectly recommend seller
Alibaba do not protect buyers rights
Every time I had issues, Alibaba helped and resolved.
good services
na
too imprecise, few modification options
1- Long time to deliver Goods. 2- Long time to reply by supplier 3- Supplier doesn't have  list of products they sell (No documentation) 4- Less respect sometimes in answers
for security, is fast and easy
Is very slow in message and always hang due to timeout
would
Not confident in all the contractors/vendors.
The communication is not smooth/
n/a
N/A
I have had two issues that I have raised a dispute for in Alibaba, however no matter how much evidence I provided. The team always goes with the seller's side and does not really protect the buyer in my experience.   I have also noticed that seller's select the order status to "Shipped" because they are on a timeframe with Alibaba, however it is not actually true. They just enter the status as shipped to satisfy alibaba even though in reality, the product hasn't been shipped.
trade assurance is a great piece of mind, but many suppliers try to work around it. sample orders shipping prices can be very expensive so a reorder bonus value if we order proper shipment after being happy with eh sample and ordering a full shipment
Very satisfied
I like the process and fast and gives me that extra coverage.
cheap product can be found
Item not received. I suspect fraud.
no trade assurance what so ever, this is my last time buying here.  it looks like every seller tries to scam me as a buyer.
Require sellers to ship products on time
great way to find suppliers
Safe transaction and protection for purchases
It is quite confusing and I think that going through someone who understand the process the forts time would be worthwhile
any
Easy to manage
OK
Nice
trade assurance is good service and it give you peace of mind and feeling of safety knowing that the money you spend is in safe hands.
It has everything a business owner needs
because it gives me the security that my order and my money are safe ... because any problem with my product they are responsible for my money
I have used it to pay for product samples. It is a useful arms length transction method
there is no actual protection. whenever ive had an issue nothing has been done
I'm not afraid to lose money due to unscrupulous suppliers
Fast Service and very good
Because you have a good services and prices, and also we can have a great communication with our suppliers.
I got an email to ask if I am satisfied with out shipment (which we havent received as yet)  and then within the same time period I get notified that I didnt response quick enough and now the case is closed.  This is not the first time this has happened. I have purchased something off Aliexpress over 16 months ago- but because the shop can close the requests on my behalf, I never received the shipment, never received a refund and there is no way of me contacting the seller.  I think this can be improved on your half - let the customer decide if they are happy or not with the service - not the seller.
The trade assurance completed my order before I received the item so I don't know whether the quality is good and I don't know when it will arrive?
I recommend always trade Assurance Services.
I always use Trade Assurance Services because if I have any problem with the product Alibaba Team help me with it.  The Alibaba Dispute Team go through each evidence submitted and made the best solution for both parties.
Bit confusing at first, but clearer after tyring it a couple of times. Cant give a deposit, must pay the whole amount at one time. Maximum is only $5000.
When dealing with people whom we do not know and who are thousands of miles away, it is comforting to have Trade Assurance
I was deceived by the supplier. the order protection was completed, but the delivery was not executed . When the goods arrived, they were used. the supplier simply took advantage of the situation and cheated
Excellent service and quick support response!
Without this service I would not purchase from China.
I have not received my order and the trade assurance has been closed.
I do recommend T A service
Added safety in transaction. Very important
As a buyer, it is key to have a mutually beneficial relationship with the supplier but in the case that something isn't handled correctly it is reassuring to have Alibaba team to help.
Perfect!
I did not get what I ordered, I asked for 3 specific items sent with pictures so there would be no issue and I was sent wrong items then told id have to pay for shipping again if wanted the right items from Quewel Lashes.
I haven't used it.
Very professional and excellent service
Gives you peace of mind.
Very satisficed with the service
Order still hasn't been delivered but order gets automatically marked as complete. This does not make sense does it?
no
I'm not really sure of the dispute process for bad quality goods
Payment protection
I had very good interactions with the sellers here on the platform. One time I did have a bad experience here on the platform. The products I received were not what I asked for, the products also leaked and spilled during transit destroying all the other labelling. At that time I did not want to pay to send it back, but just to receive a refund for the damaged products. I wasn't happy that alibaba took the side of the seller. I resulted in losing $1000.
Alibaba is very professional in dealing with customers. And Trade Assurance assures us that the goods will arrived and our money is protected.
It gives one piece of mind with regards to the quality and agreement made with the supplier.
Easy to use and find suppliers. Good payment protection.
no comment
good service and products
i have 2 transactions that never got resolved and the limited time expire
Wrong account information
x
I recommend Trade Assurance for security purposes.
Just because its not working
This is safety for the biasness.
-
For the attention that the provider had.
Poor payment system
safe to use
n/a
trade assurance is saefty for buyer
Hi,  I buy ladies hand bag through Alibaba from ''Yiwu Sevenriver Bag Co., Ltd.'' this company , until they place order it's fine. after shipment there is no proper documents and made in sticker i got penalty from Qatar customs. several time i contact with supplier regarding this issue. now i clear the customs with penalty.   how Alibaba can support me to recover the penalty from supplier
i would recommend  it due to my experience with here
I feel very safe when placing orders and I have never had a problem receiving any of my orders.
I will feel safer if alibaba intervened as a middle ground judge, how ever, so far in my current case, I specified that the vendor shipped a different item, but I have not received a determination from the alibaba team to validate my claim. so it is unsettling that the case is so simple but still no answer,.
THE TEXT MESSAGES ARE SLOW AND SOME TIMES NEVER UPLOADING. ALSO IT SOMETIMES POST TWO TIMES MY MESSAGE. ALSO THE APP IS HARD
having issues with the payment
I like it - I don't want to encourage too many people to use it, as it will negatively impact my own opportunities, by creating more competition
I would recommend trade assurance service for the peace of mind of not being a victim of scammers or scams.
NA
100% recomendados
easy to use
N/a
I feel safe knowing my transactions are safe
It makes me feel comfortable working with suppliers.
credit card payment rate 3% too much
Refund process is very poor. Trade assurance is taken before goods arrive. No way to verfiy goods have arrived.
got ripped off you did nothing
Would not because extra fee Would because it feels safer
product is not as described
Transaction fee of 3% too high
The salesperson or rep responds so so so slowly. Most of the time it takes me 20-30 to get a response from the person. Time is money but it's boring me. It doesn't seem the salesperson doesn't need to work or to care about her/his job. I am still waiting for a response for next orders.
Я не переживаю о том, подменит ли товар поставщик, или доставит в неуказанные сроки. В случае. если что-то идет не по плану - я могу воспользоваться сервисом
during dispute over a defective product, the supplier mentioned a completely off topic issue and ignored the actual issue. The resolution staff member took suppliers side.
Safe place to buy. Friendly also.
Because marking a package as received is not the same as marking the package as correct. There is no partial received option or no incorrect package received option.
I recommed Trade Assurance Service because it's safe and very effective
It protect customer.
n/a
Sometimes packages "ship" in the system but dont actually leave the factory until a much later date.
let me think about it
Easy to understand and interface not overwhelming.
china
The Transactions are reliable and trust worthy
VLTG light is a very professional company,We have worked together many times.NE290 is very Beautiful prism and high power,better than beam350!
The arbitration process is biased to non-US residents.
is perfect
I would recommend shopping with her because it was great quality & very fast shipping , & she was very nice ! once you put in your order and she gives you your tracking number it will only take like 5 to 6 business days to get there , there were no misunderstandings & again she was very nice .
They want to get money from you and not important for them if the product faultay afterwards or good .They try to find a reason not to return back your money.they do not advice you if the customs of this country forbedden the product or have to pay heavy tax. They ignore messages of complain after they get the money.
I would recommend, just gives you a little extra security when ordering from suppliers
easy operation. very convenient.
it is  slow and complicated, but it is safe.
Have no problems and excellent service
Safety Reason
The orders are showing delivered when I haven't received them yet. I haven't received a tracking number either.
Vendedores no responden y son desinteresados con los posibles compradores y los productos a veces no vienen con las especificaciones ofrecidas, parece que enga?an al cliente, especialmente en los computadores.
It is recommended because it can make a very safe transaction.
I have not recieved parcels because of courier fault but the trade assurance money went to the supplier.
I would recommend  because I believe it is for a safer transaction.
Fast and easy!!
Its just shipping take a long time to receive your products
I been scammed thru you alls network through a third party payment now I have no money or no merchandise.
so far has been great to use
I would recommend it because it make sure that you aren't dealing with fraud which is very helpful especially for new business owners like myself.
N/A
Easy to use. Simple. Safe. Trusted.
You can see my refund request. Item i bought was not as described I was told that I would get refund but refund never happened.
the orders take very long for the customer to receive
I ordered paper from a company and was sent a different kind of paper and will not respond to my  Refound.......
Take the risk out of dealing with a new supplier.
no ok
1) Great communication 2) Pictures and videos along the process for visualization
Every purchase is secure and all experiences I have had are nothing but positive, I like having the assurance that my orders are protected by Alibaba
yes
i recommend because it is safer to buy through it and the service is good
IT IS A MECHANISM THAT ALLOWS THE USER TO HAVE TRANQUILITY AND CONFIDENCE WHEN MAKING PURCHASES
You released my trade assurance money to supplier even before I received my products but now my shipment is lost. What is the point of your trade assurance then
Have not had to use yet.
müll
Alibaba don't answer an question asking what happen with my parcel, Trade insurance decide itself if I have received the parcel, when the parcel is in China. Trade Insurance don't react when the shipment is anormal.
fee's are a little high.
Trade Assurance Service has been reliable for us so we may move forward with confidence in Alaibaba.
Slow plataform, the chat is nos very good and slow
No intervention, no help from Alibaba
Your Technical Support and Product Description are not clearly nor professionally provided.
elm;
We received an email saying our trade assurance is closed and it is too late to get our money back when we are still waiting for our order. We have been in constant contact with Both Lighting and they assure us that the freight is going to come and that we need to be patient. We REALLY need this equipment!. The only email we received from Alibaba's Trade Assurance was asking us to click a button to confirm that we received our order. We have NOT RECEIVED IT so we could not confirm. We have been waiting 75 days. We contacted Ada Zhang 25 times and we just keep getting excuses. The freight forwarder listed on a document says they know nothing about this shipment and that the vessel listed on that document has been gone for weeks. Both Lighting whited out the B/L number and container number saying we can not have access to that information. Freight forwarder said we should report this to the CBP. WE JUST WANT OUR FREIGHT!
always great to have insurance
It seems getting to the correct place for shipping services is difficult
everything went well
MOST OF THE CHINESE MANUFACTURERS DELIVER AS PROMISED   Information uploaded in Alibaba by Chinese Manufacturers and Traders is reliable.   **********However the Indian Manufacturers from city Moradabad are all cheats and none of them have displayed the correct information************
So hard to just get a complaint resolved when the seller has already accepted his mistake. This is so frustrating as a first-time buyer with Alibaba!
Feels safe
the dispute department dont understand
Good morning, I would recommend it because it is safe
0 I would not recommend it as soon as I had a dispute despite the fact that I put tests and the supplier did not agree with him, they are more on the supplier's side than on the buyer's side
is secure and fast
I would tell them to be VERY careful with Alibaba. I sent a deposit at my choosing. The deposit was to secure a discount if I ordered. They incurred no expense, no materials, no extra employees. We could not agree on a final price and design and they get to keep my money. Remember that they did not require a deposit, it was my choice. So it is there choice to keep the deposit as free money. They did nothing to earn a profit. Alibaba is siding with their supplier? Why allow them to keep a profit when they did nothing?
Very satified
Trade Assurance Service I recommend to buyers
it's good, protect us buyers very well
ddd
i would recommend because it provides safer transactions
Easy. Great communication platform. Lots of products.
I like the website for order BUT I NOT LIKE they change price more high if you ast more info. They should tell the right price  !  Smaller quantities should be offered. Some start-ups that want to try something usually have to buy too large quantities.
security of payment
Because there is a large variety of items offered
I feel safe buying with Trade Assurance and have had positive buying experience so far.
would
the messenger app does not load the messages very quick. sometimes you have to wait for files to load very long.
we need the invoice copy on alibaba (in PDF) so we can keep the track of our previous invoices
Recommend for quality assurance
i cant access my account, how come?  please i need solution urgently
sometimes Alibaba is not so fast to solve some claims with suppliers and not so correct to evaluate the suppliers mistakes and refund the buyers.
because I do not get any benefit from it the period to endorse the products very short the means it could end while you have not received the products
call me
Well, its good that there is a refund system when the product or item is not received, however, the process is slow and the time it takes to process a refund is lost of opportunity for the buyer who are mostly just traders like me.
Supplier communication is bad, i purchased a product, it came broken to me and then i asked for a refund and the supplier refused to give me a refund, they were saying we can replace that in your next order. So bad!!!
their service is grate and the products its grate i am please with it
convenient
because i feel my products are in good hands.
The things I ordered were delivered and they were what I wanted.
never used it so I cannot say if it is worth it
The quality is great!
It gives me peace of mind knowing alibaba has buyers back. is an aditional guarantee.
GO PRICES
Well, I would recommend trade assurance because as far as I have read and seen videos, it is the Alibabba system that protects orders in case they do not arrive or they are not sent, it is protected and refunds the money although fortunately I have not had any case of these in what I have I doubt it is as long as I have planned to make a maritime order that takes from China to Mexico up to 2 months if the trade assurance applies if you can contact me in this question in case the order gets lost or in case they do not send it or it does not arrive the claim is initiated trade assurance dispute commercial guarantee of protection of Alibaba orders as long as the seller has the trade assurance logo that is correct I await your response.
safe
Very assessible and responsive.
Claim processing speed was good.
Quick and professional respond and real Express postage.
Trade assurance makes the supplier more reliable. If something happens with an order, we could contact with Alibaba.
It means you have assurance over your purchase and payment
I ordered intake manifold and they are pure garbage. I complained to Alibaba, nothing happened
N/A
My order was stated complete, and funds were released to the seller on Nov 30. BUT seller gave WRONG tracking number to Alibaba, shipment have NOT arrived till now 7 Dec. and I cannot find any link to complain. So how?
Slow response time from provider. Then they sent me the wrong item even though I expressed no interest in it. Then they told me they would send me the right product I had requested and it has never arrived.
reliable, easy
Case No.1006699538 Order No.38534363501021056 Refundable amount USD 645.00 Im waitig for refound since July 2020 - supplier never send me the ordred and paid for goods.   Case No.1006696549 Order No. 31038607001021056 Refundable amount USD 190.00 Im waitig for refound since August 2020 - supplier never send me the ordred and paid for goods.   That two cases make me worry about any future orders.
I receive an email that my order was delivery, thats not right
reviews thta i have placed where for products received . once p[roducts were tested ,. 1.2 of them where DOA
Service of shipping
I had one dispute and it was resolved very quickly.
The shipping information was not clear. Even after the quote of the shipping cost, it can still be increased a lot and cause the cancel of the order. The refund money amount doesn't match how much was charged to the credit card.  Almost 5-8% was over charged. And this will cost dispute of the credit card charge. I was over charged over $80 for just cancel the order.
Good Service. Quick
They have made my shopping experience feel more secure and protected. I really enjoy being able to view my order and track it.
communication/ return procedure costs
lo recomiendo por un tema de seguridad y porque nunca he tenido problemas con mis compras.
Alibaba 100% recomendado
I can recommend Trade Assurance Service to any and all persons to use this because I have been buying from Alibaba for a couple of years already and I have not encountered any problems with any sellers ever since.
the supplier needs to have better English, the communication is very difficult
yes
I did buy a product 3 months ago and I never get it  and they have not get my money back.
Keeps declining my payment for no reason, which has temporarily shut down my business. Alibaba customer service has told me their is no other way.
excelente vendedor
We are not receive the order and I am paying money I am not receive my item and messages showing your order complete what is this
sometimes I get damaged items
The problem is that after some time it just goes away even if i do NOT have the package received.
Too much to search
always use it when something goes wrong
Give us security trading with foreign companies
i will always recommend alibaba because there is no fear in scammers on here
The service provide by Alibaba is excellent, The safety and the assurance of the goods and the money.
It's been more than 3 days that I have been trying to pay through my MasterCard. It always says system busy.
Alibaba trade assurance is the best thing in the world.
I find the process confusing, the trade terms are not easy to understand and there is a lot of jargon used.  Sellers will often write incorrect information on the trade assurance and just tell you not to worry
communication harship (late response),  constant lies or change of statements,  alibaba do not help to masure the integrity of the product page.  pushing of the sales people to buy more.  different prices.  lack or confusion of product specifications, packaging, delivery.
Practico
the shipping is very fast
??????? ???? ? ???? ????? ? ???? ??????? ???? ??????? ???? ??????? ?? ??????
Give trust when you buy to an unknown distributor
Strong quality
1
There is a lot of scams, and Alibaba offers no protection, I was ripped off  by a seller and Alibaba favor the seller, disregarding all my proofs.
very secure trading and payment processing
i would not because i have not recieved a few of my orders and when asked for a refund they continue to say they will send it and that they did but i havent recievd my product and when i push for my refund i did not recieve it.
Easier to make purchase on Alibaba
i feel safe and confident to trade.
I love it
Streamlines the ordering and payment process.  Safeguards the customer's financial information.  As a Paypal user, I would like to see it offered among the payment options.
Rogan was exceptionally professional with my wig transaction. This company bent over backwards for me to insure that my wig was being made and on time delivery. He and his company was exceptionally professional through this entire process. Very satisfied.
no trade assurance cover
So that I can order with confidence
Trade Assurance cost is way to high, you should make the seller pay the sales fee, not buyer.
I have had a pleasurable experience
Its easy to use Trade Assurance Service
its ok
I do not get a response quickly, and there's not options sometimes for the issue I have. I still have not received orders and some another order they didn't ship on time and I didn't get my money back for paying extra for the shipping. No one has gotten back to me.
easily  navigate and lots of suppliers options
Keep up the good work
Because it allows you to trade safely through their platform.
Some form of comfort that the product/service would be completed to the clients expectations.
is safe
I would recommend because it is amaziing service
simply the peace of  mind that you would receive your order
I like the security that it provides
i was ordered from here thermal printers before one month till now i didnt get any information about my orders and not get my orders.
Fantastic people to talk to and friendly service :)
[]
nothing
Trade assurance provides a sense of trust between buyers and sellers
nothing to add
On orders to the US, suppliers are not providing a commercial invoice when shipping most of the time.  This is required in the US, but suppliers are not including this in shipments.  Our shipments get delayed because of this.
Trade assurance assures security for your transaction
Gives the buyer a sense of security
great
smooth and reliable
Fue efectivo y puntual
No time
N/A
na
many product to be discovery and a lot of opportunity
Security
Because everything you need to start a business is available at one place
ok
with trade assurance you have peace of mind that you will recieve your goods or your money back
yes i would as it protects my purchases
My first transaction with Alibaba was a success.
I recommend trade assurance because it gives a sense of security and protects my goods.
It's safe to order
It has been very helpful and reassuring that when in times of panic, and a loss of investment of no fault of your own, a small business is covered and that help gives us confidence to continue supporting alibaba and the manufacturers we have been lucky enough to work with all thanks to the service.
They have been working a dispute since November 7, 2020 and I have heard nothing from them.
It is intuitive and simple to use
Very good service
It is a safe site to make business
For financial security. As I'm doing business from abroad. So what is the guarantee of fraud?
Here i can buy from lower price but if payment will be with paypal it would be good..
it gives rest of mind
ITS BEEN 2 MONTHS NO PRODUCT
I  am happy with the products I have purchased and when I have issues they are quickly resolved.
Because is segurity
Most vendor ship fast but some no. Most item is same as I expected but some is not.
the thing is i havent received my order complete
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service in order to ensure the safety of the customers
Because it give security to the buyers
it is more safe for transaction
Very easy, simple and fast to place orders. Quality of products is great!
It's a very good service.
accountability
Peace of mind
yes
I have a dispute that has not been addressed.
An efficient, safe way of trading.
It's not clear when the time frames begin.
I want my friends to benefit too
POR QUE ES SEGURO
I got an invoice from UPS for Customs fee which I thought would have been part of the Shipping cost I paid when my order was shipped
AMAZING SERVICE AMAZING PRODUCT AMAZING COMMUNICATION!
Very professional and helpful, they have helped me grow my business faster than I could have ever imagined.
I recommend it for the facilities to do business and the guarantees of Alibaba
EN CASO DE QUE NO ME PROTEGAN MIS COMPRAS ,ANTE SITUACIONES DE FRAUDE.
I ordered from two vendors and only with one did I have a OK experience and the other the worst experience ever. I ordered beaded men's 15 to be exact and I got a message stating I received my order in California when I live across country in Brooklyn , New York. I informed the supplier/vendor of someone receiving my package and his response was he's sorry that was the wrong tracking number and i told him i needed a refund asap. I've placed this order since November 13th. How is it possible to deliver my package to someone else and I'm receiving their email with my name . He's very unprofessional and not good for business.
The package is in my hands properly and in time.
good
Wish it didn't take as long to get order.
Great tool for sourcing and procurement
Adds peace of mind
It is the best thing that motivate me to get a step to order any thing from Alibaba, because I know there is a Trade Assurance Service that will keep me safe from any unpleasant situation. Thank you Alibaba for this such service that make both sides more comfortable when we want to make a business relationship and be safe as well. Thanks again!!
recommend Trade Assurance Service
Easy to communicate with suppliers, and easy to keep orders organized
There seemed to be some problems in ordering and shipping portion of the transaction. I was advised that it was shipped and delivered but the items never arrived. That was a one month delay. The items arrived after they were shipped the second time.
You sided with the horrible sellers that stole my money and I got no products.
Soooooo easy.  Thank you.
Because it is an excellent platform for international trade between buyers and sellers.
It efficient and trustworthy!
Have spent 10K and I don't ever get responses from vendors or packages in time.  I'm quoted 3-5 days delivery and they always take like 2+ weeks.
excelente servicio
I am not sure yet, now my order have problem. The goods that I got from supplier not like what they sale
Gives you certain level of security
rapidité, bon suivi, sérieux...
n/a
It protects me the buyer
Gives peace of mind to my over seas transactions
Fast processing and high transaction security
I place a second order and change the address but when I receive the confirmation it still had the old address which I was very discourage knowing I had product going to a whole other state that I don't live in
I can a very good first time experience
it is very good service we can keep track of our goods. And feel safe for us.
Still havent recieved my order and when I track it just says at delivery station, so not sure why you guys put its been delivered.
Would recommended as this is transparent and safe for buyers
It has an easay and straight forward assistance system
when there is an issue with a supplier you don't do anything
easy to purchase
As we have an order that we have paid 50% for an order of soccer balls form CHina. We suspect is of an inferior quality, from sample provided. We have asked the supplier to send us 5 more samples of our order that is ready to double check the quality before we pay the full amount. They have refused to do so, and now are not answering us.
i suppose that platform  could be better user freandly and more simple
Trade Assurance is easy to use and I gives different payment options which make it faster to send payments. I can also track the status of the order all in one place. Very convenient.
Because it does not protect the buyer
because the charging fee it expensive
Hi, because we have been ripped off twice using Alibaba in th elast year and Alibaba wriggled out of its responsibliities to cover loss. Alibaba is dangerouse site and buyers have to be extremly careful that is why we cannot recomend and we would not want the repsonsiblity if someone got caught.  Alibaba will give Monkey an account as long as it pays gold Membership very sad but it is reality
It is very safe in transaction, both for buyers and sellers.
Nice products, nice prices, trade is simple and suppliers are friendly and willing to help.
I would not recommend Trade Assurance in any way, it failed to protect me from a late shipment, that was half damaged as well as the products had quality issues and no one from alibaba would listen to me.
I have only had one problem with an order and it was fixed right away.
because of perfect services!!!
very easy to make payment
When I inquired prices and requested quotation, supplier raised an invoice.  The supplier should be able to raise invoice only after I send Purchase order. Your system has to be corrected
I would recomend Trade Assurance service because it is very safe and quick.
Your trade assurance NEVER protected the poor buyers/customers on your site. You are greedy and money hungry, and only care to protect your relationship with the suppliers who are some time SCAMMERS.
all good i will recomend
trade insurance should protect buyers for 60 days. shipping by sea is 30-38 days. if selling on Amazon, customer is receiving item around 55- 60 day from ship date. maybe have an extension premium price.
Would recommend because the sellers are honest and helpful.  In my country, I only buy from Amazon because if there is problem the Customer service is very good. Flipkart and Snapdeal have bad customer service.  Alibaba and Amazon are the best.
,,
some vendors that I have brought from weren't cooperating with me about certain things. they didn't want to fix my problems or concerns that I was having with their products
It helps protect you as a consumer
Prompt Service
alibaba did not resolve anything in my favor, but it did favor the scammer who sold me incomplete products.
The prices are good and shipping it fast
Keeps every one honest.
ease accessibility & convenient to use
They give higher prices to US citizens, some are rude some are very nice. very hard to negotiate. transaction fee very high taken from us
I have obtained a good service and information
I havent had bad experience yet,so im ok at this point
Trade Assurance is cumbersome when I place an order. I cannot complete it thru trade assurance, I need to ask the supplier to complete and issue a trade assurance request to me so I can complete.
I would like that suppliers from other countries offer Trade Assurance too, not only chinese.
ease of use, variety of products, everyone I have dealt with through alibaba has been very nice. Easy communication.
Trade assurance  says that they cover on time delivery and quality. When I have a problem with quality on my order, supplier declines and says because it is not broken, they cannot refund. So basically trade assurance service covers only broken pieces / on time delivery.
No reason not to recommend.
Trade guarantee services help buyers purchase goods safely.
Recommend Because
It is not clear how it works  For example the suppliers always give you their bank details on the invoices to pay but if you pay them then trade assurance does not work. This is not clear at all  There should be a signed contract uploaded
I would recommend Trade Assurance......
There will be a handling charge, which is an additional burden.
sellers are starting the trade assurance count down many days before they are actually shipping
Trade Assurance
In Alibaba you can find a large number of varieties of products with suppliers from China, it protects the entrepreneur who needs goods made in the country. It would only be necessary to support the manufactures of high-end goods and classify by quality range, to stand out from the others, I feel that it is a lot of effort to achieve the best quality, however, for all purposes I recommend it
its a great protection as a seller ensure we don't get scam
Excellent Alibaba Trade Assurance service! Reliable, fast, with a very affordable rate and lower than other payment services. In other words, it is very worthwhile to use it, because, besides everything, it gives us security and allows the follow-up of orders.
price. My first two orders had no issues.
Companies I deal with are professional and attend to any enquiry. Products are manufactured and shipped in a timely manner.
good service
the order I placed was classified complete and received while I have not yet received anything. I find that this is not normal and that the reception should not be automatic and should come from the customer. the result is that I have no recourse on the quality of the product sent and I cannot ultimately benefit from assurance.
recomendaría por que es un medo seguro de pago.
Too busy
Very good
Product got to me as promised.
the products do not match the descriptions
So far, so good. Have not had to use all aspects of it yet.
I HAVE NOT RECIEVED MY ORDER I ORDERED OTHER THINGS FROM ALIBABA ON THE SAME DATE AS THIS ORDER AND I HAVE ALREADY RECIEVED THOS ITEMS I REQUESTED A TRACKING NUMBER AND THE NUMBER I GOT ISNT GIVING ME ANY UPDATED INFORMATION FOR MY PACKAGE I HD CUSTOMERS THAT ORDERED THIS ITEM FROM MY WEBSITE AND I PROMISED THEM THEY WOULD HAVE THEIR ORDER THIS IS BAD FOR MY BUSUNESS AND I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE MY PACKAGE OR A REFUND!!!!
i would recommend Trade Assurance because since it is on the Alibaba platform itself, there is transparency and assurance that any problem can be tracked by Alibaba.
I don't understand the key benefits yet, is it insurance incase a supplier does not deliver?
Takes the worry out of ordering with Chinese suppliers.
Once order was placed, the rest was smooth.
Great deals, so far friendly suppliers and so far great product
I think is a great service, if anything goes wrong you help us to get our money back
my orders are small
good products
I have three cases with the same supplier. Alibaba keeps asking for Videos which we have provided. The resolution offered is a fraction of cost that Alibaba will cover. What's the point of such insurance when full amount is not refunded for defective product. Also Alibaba is not able to hold supplier accountable which is a shame.   I think Alibaba has a lot to learn from Amazon and eBay on how they are protecting buyer's interest to create a healthy ecosystem and also hold bad suppliers accountable
I am not exactly sure what it does. I still run into some sellers whose only interest is to make a dollar today. They don't care about cultivating a relationship where seller and buyer are a team working together toward a common goal, it's an adversarial relationship where the seller is intent on deceiving and putting one over on the buyer at every opportunity. Photos misrepresent the item actually for sale. Descriptions are misleading, sometimes completely false. Prices are manipulated, featuring a "too good to be true" price which is then recouped with a 3-figure shipping cost.
It plays a HUGE role in making us small business owners feel more confident taking risky leaps and making investments in our business. It's nice to know we have protection and provides ease of mind that our transactions are secure and protected.
It feels safer then direct bank transfers.
Fortunately we have never had to 'use' the service but the peace of mind knowing it is there if there is a problem is nice to know.
The transaction was smooth.  Setting up the account for the first time was more involved than a usual transaction.
Good
I have not really used trade assurance, to my knowledge
secure
many of products offered with price higher than regular  no enough product information and details
NO
it helps find more genuine vendors
BECAUSE OF GOOD SERVICE
The Trade Assurance is highly recommended for the protection of both seller and buyer.
It is sure
Alibaba day by day make honest sellers increase and bad fraud sellers diminished , I thank Alibaba for making it safe to buy, not only due to trade assurance but due to growing trust in the sellers that Alibaba offers, I get my parcels delayed , but good sellers send all goods, they are trustable, I would defiantly recommend Alibaba, keep making the world happy with your products and great services. Thank you all.
safety to get back your money if the product doesn't arrive or came with a damage.
Because you are assured to be working with professionals and the best thing is that you can see their ranking before deciding to work with them on Alibaba. Which saves you a lot of trouble.
I would recommend it because its through Alibabas platform and easy to use
Easy and safe way to pay suppliers.
Because it's hard to trust the sellers, they often forget things or send low quality or different quality than what they show in photos.
I dont know
Very happy with customer service
There is no reason I wouldn't recommend Trade Assurance Service, it provides great product security
I would recommend Alibaba Trade Assurance, it gives you a degree of confidence in the process of buying.
yes
shipping
Ease of service.
There are absolutely no way to report or influence on the suppliers, when they are not yet accepted the order. And we've faced so many time sitiuation when we spend a lot of time for useless negotiations, because of missbranding desinforming prices or description or both. Latest case is very often when supplier are putting a pictures of more expensive models among with the cheap models. And when you will to start a purchase, you consider better model at lowest price, while in fact it's a fake. Also so many suppliers are indicating lower price and MOQ on product page, in order to attrack a buyer, but when you start negiotiation they offer bigger price and higher MOQ.  So the problem is that we can not report this facts of fake product representation or misbranding.
it depense on the total value of the trade
It's good
I have to pay it for cancelled orders out of my control. Like the shipping method options aren't valid
nothing to declare
Excellent sales person very knowledgeable & honest
the service and app is lagging and quite slow
No Anwer
investment security is still a priority in e-commerce
the supplier said they good is out of stock, and they dont have it right now
Safe payment always available thru trade assurance.
ok
verifies the delivery and its quality
Nice platform.
So much benefit
It was very thorough and complete
I would recommend because the service gives confidence that you will get what you have paid for or you get your money back.
easy to use system and so good so far.
It is safe and fast! I recommend.
Suppliers increase prices after initial order, certain amount of collusion to keep RFQ responses controlled
Great variety of merchandise and relatively cheap price
I like this
long delivery, I was waiting for my shipment for 3 months
тщ
best prices
good
Great platform.
The photos and names relating to orders are never correct ,it is difficult to navigate past orders
the security that our order is protected
Because you take care of your customers from beginning to end, and that is a good feeling of reassurance.
It's important to be updating the site, I sometimes find myself struggling with the Chat because the page does not refresh quickly or the messages take very long to be sent.
is safe, fast, and nice
I did not received My order # 59257183001020159
Because it assures everything to complete the transaction successfully.
Some of the products and items are not as described, it sometimes feel like if you leave a word or two out of an inquiry will make the difference in real pearls and fake pearls - at least with trade assurance, you know they will refund your money if the product is garbage...
security
I would recommend TAS because its some level of quality control assurance since the parties involved are likely from different nations.
OKAY
Too much cost.
fast service, huge selection
is good for buyer on the product production. if receive faulty product or  not correct has cover
It is helpful to protect my payment safe, and make sure to get the products on time
I have no idea where my order is.  There is no tracking link for me to follow, I paid $236 USD and I keep getting "Transaction Complete"  like the order has been delivered.  I assure you IT IS NOT Here yet.  Can somebody please help.
Gigi from Luxefame hair is the absolute worst.
Trade Assurance is geared toward the supplier, not to protect customers. A dispute takes months while money is tied up and made unavailable for use. And it always supports the supplier. Chinese owned company to I would expect Chinese companies to be their first priority not customers.
it was all a hoax. the supplier shipped a different product and was not penalized. They stole my money. You are thieves. I regret my whole life for having bought at ALIBABA
Is ok
high service charge
some representatives are poor communicating in English .
provides security
you guys should give more support when thing dont go well with the thing
Ava is always a pleasure to work with.
I think is a good way to keep your money safe, although some people say sellers could still commit frauds with this service.
great platform
not bad, but traceing prior orders is too difficult
everything is here
Quality product
Assurance is good when trading with new partners.
Having trade assurance improves our trust and relationship with Alibaba.
Just worked out fine
The pigmentation on the pallets are not as described, they messed up my package covers I sent them two different designs since they were to different pallets, when I opened the boxes most of the covers were scratched and they blamed the shipping company, which is a lie. I feel like I over paid on shipping and item as described!
It's good website for small business owner to be able to become bigger and better in fast term when they are being nice and honest and understandable to each other.
Secure system
So far it works
I recommend it because they respond to customer concerns and complaints
At this point I would recommend Trade Assurance Service.
Its easy and safe
I was having trouble verifying where my shipment was because the tracker givne to us to look at on this website was not working for me. So, therefore im having to go back and forth with the business owner about my prodcuts from her because the tracker is telling me that package hasnt even been shipped off or anything.
You have daid my order is complete, and it is not complete. I have no way to inquire about it. I sent email to the sewller. Nothing. My order is late, and Alibaba has no recourse, no ability to comunicate problem. You automatically completed my order, so I cannot even request refund, or get any information. THis is fraud.
Even the trade assurance does not help from preventing from being scammed with purchase.  When you search for a product it will come up and you can place the order but the seller will say the price has changed and need more money and usually its almost double to amount or they will say can you cancel the order and I end up paying for transaction fee so no I am not truly happy with trade assurance when most sellers do these scams.s
So nobody else can steal
Excelente service and shiping very fast
The security when buying
makes buying comfortable
We would recommend as the Assurance Service is our "local feet on the ground". We can order with confidence.
Fast and trustworthy thus far
yo etenido muy mal esperincia 1Z6Y10F40300886117re  10 lampas 6 de ella s venian quebradas les mande fotos me dijo la vendedora que me las iva a remplasar y no e recivido nada con esta misma conpania  paque 10 lampas  envie el pago  y nuca recivi las lamparas ni tampoco mi relbolso  me sinto estafada  4 ventiladores me llegaro quebrados nunca comtestaron mi mensaje  acido una mala experemcia
value for my money, my money is safe
the best way to get good products
very fast and safe
ok
my problem is that company i order from some it take long time to get respond to. also i have order goods over a week the company told the goods has being ship when still have the goods . i cant get a respond from company and dont now how to get InTouch with alibaba
it's safe and easy to use
Is easy to speak with sellers.
Trade Assurance services are the only system that buyers can be protected at Alibaba. But its effectiveness is not as expected. Regardless of whether the manufacturer gives you defective products or doesn't have the ability to make them according to the drawing, if the manufacturer buys the raw materials, it works in the manufacturer's favor. So in this case, the buyer has no choice but to lose money. Nevertheless, it is a service that must be done because there is no alternative other than Trade Assurance.
no reason
Trade Assurance Service time limit is too small, it takes more time to fully inspect and then receive feedback from customers on the goods.  For example.  Takes about 90 days to sell the goods and then receive feedback from customers. If there is a problem, then another 90 days for root cause analysis. Thus, complete lifecycle to sell, receive feedback, root cause analysis it 180 days. Trade assurance needs 180 days open period.  I have lost already about $20000 USD because the goods have been inferior, then cannot file a claim because the time limit has expired.  If I am going to file a claim, then I better have all evidence, and root cause analysis complete, this takes at east 180 days.
Easy to use, great way to find prospective manufacturers.
You protected and can refund the money if no longer interested in purchase or there are issues with the order
I would recommend because it keeps money secure from fraudulent dealers
Your purchases are protected from fraud or dishonest sellers
na
It is terrible and does not work at all. It is bias towards sellers from China and do not accept any claims
I'd Recommend Trade Assurance because it protects the buyer.
All my orders were fulfilled hence would recommend it to anyone
safe and secure
I do
because you did not listen or try to understand the issues i presented and cost me thousands of dollars. Trade assurance is just a lie. You do not protect the buyer at all.
I have been taken advantage and 2500.00usd has been stolen and never recieved my product. try contacting supplier and I am ignored.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as it provides significant security.
It is very easy to business on alibaba.
My first purchase with alibaba was horrible.   I was received a product that was not the same as the video or picture that was shown to me by the seller.   Then when I sent a complaint,   the seller sent alibaba customer service a video of something different from what they showed me.   Alibaba refused my refund due to this lie from the seller.  I would not have bought this product if the seller showed me this picture.  They showed me a picture of a better quality product and told me that this one is the same.    Furthermore,  the seller agreed to replace the order that he sent.   Then 2 days later he changed his terms and said I have to buy the product again in another color in order for him to replace the original faulty product.
So far all suppliers are very friendly.
would recommend- i trust alibaba
It gives a sense of security for all involved .
i would recommended  trade assurance if a service charge is lower .
eliminate problem of supplier's bank
very reasonable prices nice quality work
Order topic I would like to be able to choose a shipping agent.
reliable
Don't know what it is
There is cheating supplier.  I lost almost 642usd and never get the products that I ordered.
I will recommend cause its so easy and low cost for each payment
MUY SATISFECHO
Seems honest and reliable
very secure and straight forward
none
I did found good sources
It is very convenient
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
If I would recommend it, I'm still just testing.
it's guarantee , good
Did not received the hair
I can get my products secured and fast
Unfair jump into conclusion made by inspector
no
Not much
all good
no
Very convenience to find the manufacturer.
simpla and easy
Everything was perfect.
.
Very professional
I didn't get the products that I paid for
ok
I think it lacks diversified manufacturers locations
payment and delivery was excellent.
I've had nothing but great service.
simple and easy
Unstable messaging. Do not receive notifications a lot of times.
Good follow up system and tracking of the status of the merchandise.
I would recommend it! :)
it expired before I even got the product
Alibaba Trade Assurance is excellent.
good
Reliable. It's nice to know there is a third party involved in holding everyone to accuracy and assurance.
Great products for great prices.  Would love to streamline shipping standards, but reading reviews and getting info up front helps with that issue a little
consulting 24 HOURS
There is no option to omit freight charges if one wants to  select a  local agent .
Security and peace of mind when shopping!
The prices listed are not what sellers are charging buyers. They also need to always have shipping costs listed.
The seller specified one of the bags wasn't shipped because it was not good quality, she didn't say anything to me until I asked her.  I had to send her an email and ask her, what happened to the other bag?  I called FedEx many times thinking one box was missing
The first company I worked with is AMAZING!! Very prompt service and super quick delivery - 10+ all the way.  The second company I'm still waiting for them to ship, more than 7 days after payment, and no one is responding to me.
I recommend it because it is a way to ensure the paying process, but I didn't lke the tracking of the shipment is only in chinese. It will be better to have it in english.
Safety and reliability.
Does NOT apply
as the quality that I receive is not match with what I expected I wont recommend
sometime shut down but basically good
Everything went extremely smoothly and fast, I am very happy with the experience!!
Justin is very helpful and makes sure that the products I receive are good. He takes a lot a pride in what he does and communicates well with me.
It's very simple to communicate and feels secured as well.
Trade Assurance Service is very reliable
it is safe and peace of mind
Would recommend Trade Assurance because it helps to know you have that extra security. You will know that the suppliers will help you in a very fast way if any issues with product.
i love this
My experience has really been with AliExpress (which is the same platform?), And it has been very good, they have responded when there are problems
very safe for the seller and also for the buyer.
Most transactions work well.
Alibaba website for Buying is not "intuitive".   Poorly laid out.  Terrible interface.   Too messy, too confusing.
The people I've interacted with especially at vines music (Equeen Wu) has been of enormous help with everything from ordering to shipping.  Pleasant, personable, follows up to see how I like the product.  You don't get better than that kind of customer service or plain service anywhere, this ranks as number 1 in service as well as product.   i'll be ordering more.
Professional. Trustworthy. Excellent Service. Beautiful Products. Fast Delivery.
Where are the products that I ordered more than a month ago
quick and easy
I would recommend Alibaba because all products that I orderd came just like they are in pictures.
help to identify and confirm the real quality before shipment
Is a safe transaction.
Transfer fee very high, when we want to pay a balance issues in the app; to make bussines not prepared.
The communication between suplier and buyer is very very hard in general.
Because Alibaba gives me reliable information about the manufacturer
Fast shipping and great prices. Can’t beat that and the light is fantastic.
Depends Company by Company...
I ordered and paid for 1,200 hats. It says 1,200 hats on order in Alibaba. Shipper sent 110 hats along with a tracking number for FedEx. The fedex hats arrived, only 110 hats. I applied for a refund 3 times and each time alibaba denied me. This is shocking. this means that any supplier could send me an empty box and give Alibaba the tracking number and I apply for refund and get denied. What is even more disturbing is that the tracking shows the weight of the shipment. It shows it to be far too light for 1,200 hats. It shows that it is in 1 box and you cannot fit 1,200 hats in 1 box.
confidence
the trade assurance doesnt  react much; there is mainly an answering computer; we have difficulties with one supplier since nearly 6 month; fortunately most suppliers deliver correctly
none
The shipping times are a bit long when compared to other online trading platforms. Other than that I am happy with the service. Communication with suppliers works very well, they are extremely attentive, plus the trade insurance makes it safe to order via Alibaba.com,
it is good but expensive. i wish the price can be reduced
I asked for a refund about my order and the supplier sent me a really bad and poor quality product and trade assurance did not refund my money.
The product design & patent is not exactly the same which show in website photo which we purchase also cannot get to understand when customer require in question. Keep ask our contact Whatapp but supplier in Alibaba did not show up their contact number
my order HAS NOT BEEN DELIVERED AND IT IS NOW TWO WEEKS LATE!!!
if everymody is a trader, then you can not longer trade
I have had no bad experience from Alibaba.com. I am very happy.
I would because i got great service and product
I purchased through Trade assurance. The seller scammed me and did not deliver the goods and the when I opened a dispute Alibaba closed it saying due to COVID.
I have been cheated twice by seller and in front of transparent evidence of fraud, Alibaba decide 100% in favor of seller. I paid 2000 usd for goods that are useless. I am speechless, especially about  Alibaba!!I
In 5 years buying from suppliers in China I only had a problem with a supplier 2 years ago. The supplier produced late and it was supossed to ship from NIngbo port litium batteries but this supplier was not authorized to ship from Ningbo.I decided to cancel the order before shipment, also supplier only produced 50% of the order. Supplier didn't want to return the moneny and proposed to ship by air 8 times more expensive than sea. I raised a complaint in Alibaba trade assurance, I provided Proforma Invoice, and conditions stablished by own supplier in the shipping conditions as "delivery time" . At the end Alibaba gave more importance to some whatsapps between customer and supplier than the Official Proforma Invoice and Shipping conditions stablished in the Alibaba Trade Assurance. I was really upset and i think Alibaba only protects Suppliers even if they do things wrong. Since that moment i only use Alibaba Trade assurance for small payments and for payment to new uppliers.
It gives peace of mind. For our first large order. It was the assurance we needed to give this a try. So we would recommend it.
Quick delivery
You have to retourn me the money.
I am not so sure that I would be reimbursed.
It makes purchasing items from overseas safer.
I would recommend it because the service was very professional and accurate.
- The price on the website does not match the actual information. - There are many steps to delivery. Causing delay. - Shipping costs are quite expensive. - We can't fix the payment method.
The assurance services are OK, but problem is with the sellers. They offer products for not real prices and the you will something and find it for correct price, by the order you find that the price is isn't real its a fiction and the real price much more higher.
It doesn't work-they say they shio and it will take 4 weeks and then it doesn't come and then it is to late on Alibaba to do anything
Need more improvement in product delivery and dispute management.
Everything is very simple and no issues so far.
Most suppliers they market a product and use professional photos and when you receive the product the quality is not as expected. Trade assurance doesn't cover the quality which is one of the most common problems in buying goods from China.
trust, if the supplier cheat us..we can open dispute
well for a starter good that service fee was waive.. best if service fee be remove as it is additional cost. also if you trust your supplier there should be no worries . Also my shipment was assumed delivered but in reality shipment took another 3 weeks to arrived as this is via sea.
not knowing the exact cost due to import charges, excessive shipping costs sometimes too.
After paying for an order, the supplier suddenly told me there's no stock for the color i ordered. I didn;t want the other colors so the supplier refunded me the order, but the service fee was not refunded back. The full amount should have been refunded since the transaction was not completed, and therefore no service was provided.
I know I can trust the system and that I have proof it works.
That’s not helping me one bit
.
The fees to pay on credit card are too high
It is made and marketed as "Assurance"     I purchased on Alibaba as I thought is was safe, reputable and complying to international laws in trading. Unfortunately I paid money directly to Alibaba for an exact product under international law and international indexing of pigment names and numbers to only receive a bag of a 'no label' unknown product which is unable to be used and is also a personal injury safety risk under WPH&S law. In accordance to Australian Law I have issued a transaction dispute for a refund as Alibaba was paid and did not deliver the goods ordered.
I spend a lot of money and I've always been happy.
its a safety feature in the event of a mishap
N/A
Trade assurance has really good tracking
no comment
is great supplier
it depends on what you order they dont do there best if they dont have to ...its just money...the world want.
I received an order that was not as pictured and was offered a refund of $20 for an order of about $150.
no
Good quality products at a factory direct price. The shipping is sometimes lengthy but worth the wait.
very easily access
fast process
its safe
There are so many things to improve on and one is just the messaging. I talk to so many people that it's so hard to keep track of who is messaging me and for what product.
There is prompt response and the people I deal with are courteous people
its quick ..super fast
I would recommend because the transactions are very user friendly
n/a
For peace of mind during payment
Not sure what benefits trade assurance offers when a supplier sends faulty equipment as it seems that the policy closes before the problem occurs and i am left with extra costs due to surplier being in China.
As a newer user of Alibaba, I was unsure how effective it would be, but Trade Assurance Service handled my dispute very quickly and professionally.
I FIND IT DIFFICULT TO FIND THE BEST VENDOR FOR WHAT I NEED THAT STICKS TO THEIR PRICING AND MOQ'S
Some vendors are not legitimate.
The shipping is a lot.
it's very easy to find what you need and purchase protection
yes
Don't like the idea of being charged per service.  Feels like you are being nickeled and dimed by Alibaba.com
I made a small order which I did not receive. I alerted Trade Assurance and received no help.
No sea freight to Alaska increases the cost
It gives an added level a security
i dont know
good service
It makes me feel safe about my purchases.
Trust
--
easy to use
I have the best suppliers helping me reach my goals and have never been disappointed.
I have not encountered any problems during the times that  i've used it.
;)
The services are excellent but the payment transaction fees are a bit high compared to other payment transaction facility.  Overall the experience was very good.
Terrible experience with the "Alibaba Trade Dispute Mediation Department". Basically once you payed for something they will support any merchant even if that is a clear and obvious fraud, your money is gone and nothing to do about it.  Worse is that they will try to convince you that this is how it should be with absurd claims such as asking you for a third party inspection with advance price that is the same or higher than the product price!!!  Plus there is no direct way to talk with them (so far) and every few days they will just sent you another absurd message and go on with their life.
safe
The supplier are good and easy to communicate with
Trade Assurance was not upheld and we lost money on an order due to this. Your customer service has been less than satisfactory.
I would recommend it always when dealing with a vendor for the first couple times. Occasionally some vendors tried to get me to do wire transfers no through Alibaba, and would not accept credit cards. Seemed very shady
Most of the sellers tell they have stock when they dont have it... i make an order to realize that i have to wait 7 to 15 days to send the goods.
It great in verifying which suppliers are trusted.
I would recommend Trade Assurance.  Keep track of consumer safety.
I would recommend
It provides safety and assurance. It's an excellent service.
- There is a fee that is being charged for the debit or credit card purchases. That's too high. I'm not happy with that. I don't know if it is related to Trade Insurance or not.   - There are also too many technical software bugs in Alibaba platform (for 
i have not problems at all
if something gos wrong you are covered
N/A
Agility in the web and transparency in transactions
trade assuranse doent realy covers from bad quality products or bad suppliers.
extra sense of security
VERY FAST.
No
Easy to do business.
It's safe and extremely easy to use
Easy to use.
THE DELIVERY TIMING IS WAY OFF COMPARED TO THE DAY I SUPPOSE TO RECEIVE MY ITEMS BASED ON WHEN I PLACED THE ORDER. THE DELIVERY DATE IS LONGER THAN IT STATED WHEN I PURCHASE MY ORDERS ON EVERYTHING!!!
Easy to use, straightforward.  Also, Alibaba has to stand by the transaction.  I haven't had issues with any vendors, but I am sure if I did, Alibaba would take responsibility to make things right.
As always, it is a pleaseure to work with Annie
Trade assurance offers no meaningful protection to buyers, it may as well not exist.  There are absurd exceptions, and Alibaba works very hard to always rule in favor of the vendors, and not the customers.  We were ripped off with parts clearly not made to specification, and had ample evidence, and Alibaba still would not refund our money, citing reasons not in our contract.
because the service is excellent, the plataform is very easy to operate
Security in the transactions
communication is never that great.... some vendors are better than others, but all use the term my best friend, my dear - I'm not any vendors friend I'm a customer, and especially not anyones "dear"   someone needs to teach edict when dealing with customers, the terms used are improper and ofter incorrect.
The way to print invoices is not good.  The fees for credit card usage is too high.
it gives an extra level of security to protect my investment and to build positive relationships with suppliers, which is the key to success for any business.
You charge the buyer whit the transaction fee even if the seller cancel the order.
l
My first trade assurance order with Alibaba was manage very badly.  First supplier did not deliver on time no product receive yet its 45 days.  I filed for refund with in 30 days which not been processed. now they are saying file via dispute.  Really it should be penalty on supplier who is making blunder .
the sizes are extremely small
Protecting buyer to get more guaranteed in the order.
managing orders with the suppliers
very good
Trade assurance doesn't seem to help buyers in America. I have been ripped off from a few sellers now. Even with trade assurance, Alibaba seems to favor sellers instead of buyers.  I have had several issues now favored for the seller. Seller sells lies. Alibaba saves them. Then i have angry customers with no product no money.
When there is an issue ALL problems are ALWAYS resolved in favour of Chinese suppliers!!!
Honestely, the quality of product is really bad. I need to fight every time to obtain a "acceptable" quality. I must ask several pictures, and picture are always of bad quality... I always try to have a correct result before they send the order, because when this one is sended it's too late to adjust or correct something.  And on almost half of order, quality is really not good... when i receive a package and check the quality, for some order all is acceptable but for the half of it, the quality is so bad that i really need to ask refund... and this is not appreciable to always ask refund, but... i can't do other.  I think i will stop to use alibaba. The seller are juste waiting for cash, they don't applied for high quality product.
ok
Because my money was not refunded even though it is obvious that it is the suppliers low quality product issue. I provided all the evidence.
Because its very secured and you can trust it.
.
It has provided the worst customer service and the worst solution. The staff insisting the buyer to accept the stupid offer from the seller or they will close the dispute with nothing has resolved. The staff did not perform professional and in not in a manners way.
I would recommend it because its secure
i would recommend as it gives me peace of mind when Im making payment.
n/a
It should be standard procedure.
It felt safe
Security
I do not know it
smart and easy
the price not real
.
When dispute open due to faulty or bad quality product. We not get full payment. some time in trade assurance order says to return the material on own cost, some times which will as equal to the total cost of the material.  In trade assurance they have to follow some rules step in that if buyer not satisfy with the product quality as mentioned by the seller. they have to refund money with in 7 days. Also told the seller to get back the good on their own cost.
Protection needs to improve for customers
Fast delivery  Good service
everythimg is to slow
Trustful, great service. Easy to use.
I haven't used it so I don't know.
I would recommend, but some suppliers takes ages to respond to inquiries.
id like to suggest to use transaction via trade assurance since it will secure the payment from buyer to supplier. Its just that i have a bad experience last time that i made a refund on my payment and the alibaba representative that handled my case hadnt handle my case well instead she keeps on delaying and extending the time of duration even thought its clearly seen that its suppliers fault
none
Makes me feel save
the chat are not working very well / uploading pics or docs is not always working as well / the layout of the chat is not easy
All sellers are very good, and they service I like , I rely on alibaba
Why Sudan country is not in the lists? and South Sudan the 7 years old Country is in the list? please tell me
no
I have found it hard to many things through the chat when interacting with suppliers, such as a refund payment.  I found it hard to find where to get help when I had an issue with an order. The website can be super lagging and slow which is annoying for browsing for items. After downloading the Alibaba App it keeps telling me to download it. Suppliers repeatedly telling you to pay after you have made payment.  It feels rude and impatient.
Easy access to modern products and competitive prices
He was so kind to me. to me I'm so satisfied.
Great service    ???? ????? ???? ????????
Because it helps provide the confidence and trust so necessary for internet trading.
I feel like, the transaction is more secured to get through than being a bogus because the suppliers, so far, have to maintain their good standing in the market
PERFECTO
great business
to have security on purchases
It makes me feel 100% safe.
best service
I would recommend because it very useful for small businesses!
Prompt response to request and also the quality of the services
It is reliable and trustworthy
Their products are good, and their customer service is very good.
I would not want my competition to know where I am getting my products and I would not want them to have access to the same product selection and ordering process that I do here.
Very safe way to deal
Generally Trade Assurance helps keep all sides honest in the deal.
the fee is around 3.50% from the item price which is too expensive, if can reduce to 1.0-1.50% it must be very helpful
I still haven't received my product ... and I don't know anything about it.
You can find everything to make bussinnes
Very Poor knowledge and equipment to produce a good quality report.
Is good
Yes.
I would for the peace of mind that it provides
I'm happy with the updates and the assurance regarding my payment.
Simplifies communication and order tracking. Peace of mind on refunding if needed.
Quick safe and efficient.
Unfair to the buyer and Trade assurance sides more with seller, even if seller is at fault.
Safe and secure.
Many companies are fake on Alibaba! not professional, and the images and products are Copy, Fake without any copy right or patent for out side of china(North America)!! its terrible for the marketing ! We are working only  with professional company on Alibaba. Its too hard for our searching. please change your policy and more control for the suppliers Regards,  Bebe mondo
you would
good
It is a way to get an assurance on bad suppliers behavior, and allows much more peace of mind about big orders.
so far i didn't have to use it. all products came in good shape.
Wide range of products and very prompt!
Mostly satisfied with ease of conducting business.
Cuz many scams here and alibaba never come fast to help the buyers.
Some of the orders take a while to get here I understand that the virus is out but I waited over a month for items however the quality was great.
I paid 100% to my supplier in advance with trade assurance by thinking that my payment is in safe hands. I paid extra as compared to local market price and the only reason I paid more and in advance for my products to supplier that the deal is through Ali Baba Trade Assurance and everything will be perfect. Now When the supplier get our inventory ready and we organize Inspection for our inventory. It was rejected because its a very poor quality product with two different shades. One pack contains 8 bags of Charcoal bag and each 8 bags have different shades and colors and tag size is too big which we didn't order. Now its clear that supplier scammed and cheated us but Ali Baba Trade Assurance is not releasing our money even we submitted all evidences several times.
Web site language suddenly changes to Chines!
Easy to find good products, good price, trade assurance is reliable protection!
Security guarantee of high volume and high price goods
I recommend it because sometimes things aren't done correctly and it's nice to have that protection, especially with costly orders which would otherwise be extremely hard to resolve.
Very happy with the service and protection offered
Muy buen servicio y confiabilidad
na
secure page
Alibaba does not support poor buyers. This is just another way of tricking buyers to be ripped off
Safety by Trade Assurance Messages system - easy to talk with a lot of manufactures  Huge selection Good prices
very helpful
Great products
-
Great platform for new buyers
It creates a safer environment for business and invested money in commerce products.
Fair, needs improvement
very fast and easy safe
The sellers are not producing the standart products. every product has an issue.
The Trade Assurance  service has not dissappointed me so far,but the process of solving a dispute is very long and stressful.There should be consequences given to suppliers ,and extra fine charged in case of fraud/cheat/duping or just being careless with a buyerand delaying shipment.Sometimes this delay itself costs us much more damage, than the cost of products in dispute.Inability of the supplier to send in inventory, timely  is everything in business. It would be good If this happens,the sellers will be vary of duping the buyers.Sales and reputation will get better.
Good Service
I would like to recommend you to make sure the delivery date
some vendors are not helpful and response rapidly.
Great range of suppliers, easy to use.
Your website SUCKS. Work on making it SUCK MUCH LESS before you worry about Trade Assurance.
I liked it
It is a great service, this service give to the client confidence to make a business with the factories
I find what I need on Alibaba
Dispute awarded in my favour but money has not been refunded
Trade assurance is very safe and very fast way to order the goods through Alibaba suppliers.
it is good for both buyer and seller
Hard to navigate. Extremely hard to find the essential information I need. Transaction fees not reflected on the invoice. How may I file the reimbursement without record showing transaction fees? How?
Complete failure of support with this item, bad delivery, bad customer support and a confusing transaction for a simple purchase as the item is faulty.
Very smooth communication through message box. Without personally meeting could get everything i needed correctly.
it is easy to making a payment like payple , can we can got guarantee from alibaba.com
Very time consuming for customer and agent/customer service is not tailored at all to what is needed. Over and over again we were asked to provide Evidence to the case (which we did in great details with images, videos and underlining text and explanation). Agent did not once comment on this. Then without any comment on the evidence and the outstanding questions the case was closed with  an extremely vague explanation and no refund allocated.  This process within AB and in its current format and handling is a complete waste of time for any customer and not worth the name it carries. It leave the customer confused and the case unsettled....
HELP ME FIND THE RELIABLE SUPPLIER
the duration is up to 30 days only while the shipping can take more than 30 days
Nothing
My contact, Angela has been very helpful and ships incredibly quickly. Great service
i am satisfied
no customer service from the platform (chat/hotline...) buggy order list with disappearing refund application button. often no rating option
Extremely low quality products, which were not covered by the assurance
It works great! And it's very usefull.
OK
It's good for monitoring shipments and handling disputes.
Guarantee for both parties given that some situation may arise out of the ordinary, perfectly if the terms and conditions are obviously respected
Hello, no
Muy buen servicio
If too problems with the langueges
A pesar de respetar las reglas que impone TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE, me vi afectado por una disputa en la cual perdi todo, tanto carga como dinero.
Peace of mind in case of any issues
Its easy to buy and fast, with good prices
every person i have spoken with is extremely friendly and customer service orientated. the products and support have been everything i expected and more.
Only because I did not use Trade Assurance. Is it good or bad? I don't know.
I got what I need very quickly.
May be the safest and quickiest way to do business today!
The pament for my order went through without my authori
Good serviceto know that supplier will perform as they say.
I would recommand it because it makes me sure of the quality of the items i'm buying.
the supplier has been useless!
It too premature to say anything right now because the payment were made but I have not received the products yet. Regarding the order process, I will say that the order process is well explained... The trade assurance is a must because this is a long shipping process and we should have enough information and coverage to make a well informed decision.
Pros: Buyers assure they will get what they ordered. Should anything mis-happen they will not lost all their money. Cons: Even buyers can request for refund they stand to lose the transport expense as well as the transaction fee through no fault of the buyers. Sellers can claim there is no stock and to cancel the order.
I am not sure the value added.
Great for wholesaling in USA.
So far all my transactions where fulfilled without issues
I was sold an item that was not allowed into my country and had to bare the cost of destruction.  Costing me double what I originally paid. Throughout the prosses I was told not to worry and that I would have no issue as they sell to my country all the time.   The reason the item was not accepted into the country was it was missing a sticker.  A refund was never an option from this seller, and the seller totally washed their hands of the situation.  I will do my best to make sure everyone I can possibly come in contact with knows that buying off of alibaba is a gamble.
When I place the order shipping takes much more time and from Alibaba said that time   is passed and I should obtain the goog and  they suppose that  I'm OK with the purchase , but package is not arrived!! Shipping times  are only estimated and  I will rate  the seller after receive the package , but you said : time is passed and you suppose  i'm glad  with it??
product shipping is slow, i understand the Covid-19 is creating longer shipping.
BECAUSE IT ASSURES YOU THAT YOU WILL GET YOUR PTODUCT
Some of the sellers are not true to what they've promised their customer. They just say things to gain a client and then later do all the alibis that they can give.
I would totally recommend trade assurance to anyone specially if they are new in the site, would help them a lot to undestand how Alibaba works, keeping their money safe and reach a good suplier to work with.
I bought a $20,000USD CNC Plasma machine/ wood router via Alibaba only because I though Trade Assurance would protect me if their was a problem when it arrived but the Supplier used parts that they had proprietary Software to use but supplied us another software that cannot operate the machine. I extensively seeked assistance from Trade Assurance but because the supplier offered to travel half way across the world at my cost to fix it and i turned it down because it was their fault and i cannot afford to pay thousands of USD to bring the Chinese here to fix it, this is something that they could have fixed from China, there was no need to come here. Trade Assurance just declined my claim and I am here almost 2 years later with a non-working machine. Continued in next area regarding Trade Assurance.
Would recommend it, because untill now i did not experiance problems.
I would like to have very esy customer?s service Email.... take the example from Amazon...
Reliability
good good
it is very difficult to contact and my refund was set as completed i did not even got an answer so i opened the refund again.
wesbite is still a little janky and inconsistant userexperiance is not consistant or always professional looking
I bought an fake product and Alibaba don't want to admite it !
N/A
Es una pagina de negocio muy completa para comprar. Deben tener mucho cuidad a quien le compran
Customer support could be better. I had an issue to make a payment through Trustly service and wanted to get some help but it wasn't possible. I kept getting authomated answers which were not helpful for me.
Alibaba Trade Assurance acted always in favor of the supplier despite the fact that the evidence was against the supplier. Alibaba gave them, several times, extra time to provide evidence of shipment when the supplier did not have any evidence because the had not shipped. Alibaba should have made a refund. Instead, they waited until supplier had the product ready (90 day late of the promised shipment date) and Alibaba CLOSED my request for refund. Alibaba has acted against the buyers right for a refund.
Trade assurance make  your transaction goes smooth
I would cause I don't want have any problems
IT IS VERY EASY TO CONNECT TO SUPPLIERS
It's very safe and easy to use interface. It was my first time doing doing international trading and it went very well
No, never... trade assurance service are the best.
Because for my country its useless, just the trip take 35 days and for the customs take almost 15 days, so when I have the things the assurance will be over
The site has improved a lot in the last 4 years, and is much easier to use. The response from companies is better too.
I recommend because the purchase is safe
Order #1 Smart Mirrors: After I paid for item and shipping Seller change and raised shipping costs very high  Order #2 All-in-one Toilet/Sink: Seller told me that item was shipped, a week later Seller said I have to buy more things to build weight for shipping. There isn't much things on their website so I couldn't find anything else that I need
Quality products
Purchase is always protected
je ne recois pas les colis a temps
Makes things safer and easy
Trade Assurance Service
very safw
suppliers don-not respond in time and do not give correct leadtimes
i am facing issues with my order and made dispute and contacted alibaba 4 times without taking my rights
because is safety. the best
I believe it's more secure.
good good
I keep on being scammed by businesses on this platform. When I want to address the issue the platform doesnt work and keeps on giving errors and in the meanwhile the scamming businesses can continue their practise. I still have an issue with a company that after multiple emails and calls and chats with customer service is still not addressed and put in the system. I have orders over thousands of dollars being scammed by businesses not handled by alibaba, what costed my company weeks of trading, labour, money and business. Even now a business is scamming and Im in the middle of the process. But you cant win from these big companys. So im tired of trading on this platform
the insurance system works, alibaba makes sure the suppliers have responsibility
I would recommend Trade Assurance to assure trade assurance in both parties
il n'y a en fait AUCUNE assurance les expédition ne suivent pas le processus attendus, la couverture d'alibaba protège plus le commer?ant que l'acheteur. les commandes sont considéré comme terminé alors que NON LIVRE. les demandes de prolongation et ou de remboursement sont sans effet
Easy to use and helps you understand where you are in the process.
Only problem is the long delivery time.
Your dispute process is a complete farse
the seller keep delying and the deadline date has passed !
i have great reasons to recommend alibaba to friends :)
good way for first business transactions when you didn?t know the other partner
responsibility only up to forwarder's warehouse in China (YIWU...for example)!
would  recommend Trade Assurance Service, it is  good
Because it's a good way to meet suppliers.
Great resource for finding wholesale manufacturers.
Puts your mind at rest
perfect product, excellent quality ,thank you
WTF !!!!!! i did not receive the products and now  you cancel the dispute??????!!!!!!!
great platforme
Satisfied with the service. Easy to communicate with supplier
It provide safety and security.
Thank you
good
I don't want my customer find more competitor of me, that offer same product to my customer.
The order not delivered long after expected delivered windows but I have not get the refund yet. I order samples but it is useless for me now because I decide to choose another supplier.
Trade assurance places itself on the side of the supplier. They do not solve the problem and allow the supplier to sell products that do not match description or pictures. I would not recommend to even use Alibaba as I realize that this is a platform to scam people. There is absolutely no control and no action taken to minimize the risks of getting scammed.
Trusted
its great and safe reliable way to connect with suppliers
Its very convenient, easy and safe
alibaba is the best trading platform Ive come across
Safe platform to purchase goods.
good platform
It does not solve the problem, only tries to postpone and calm down the parties. But since time is money it makes me even more angry because more damage is caused every time the solution is not made.
Because is Safety.
No I am happy
good
handphone app to read messages, always fail to load
earbuds, when talking on the phone, its not clear at all. When listening to music on the phone the earbuds sound very good.
It helps so that I do not worry about loosing money on an order.
By using Trade Assurance you feel secure in your payment.
Have not used it
Safe and reliable business
everything good
When I first made a purchase it was included or "free" now it costs money
This gives security in purchases
All vendors have been courteous, helpful, and friendly. Shipping has been timely except one and that is being corrected. Language has not really been a problem. The products that I've tried so far have been adequate to good.
I would recommend for it is reliable and easy to use payment options, but the buyer needs to be careful with the prices listed there, sometimes the price can be misleading. Really have to inquire with the supplier before finalising purchase of product.
Had a horrible experience with this supplier and has horrible customer service. I explained to them that my product came damaged and the completely wrong size and they did not offer to replace it.
secure and easy
I like Alibaba since the prices are incredible. The only thing that boggles my mind is why there aren't any customer reviews. I'm on my 3rd supplier because every supplier's product has failed once it got to my customer (I sourced greeting card sound modules). I'm wondering whether to keep going with this because it's turning out to be a waste of time and money. Please advise!
I have not use it
I expected price to be cheaper.
timing of deliveries
No reason
No me han enviado mi pedido.  Order Number: 56906063501022058Order Date: 2020-10-08 10:37:55
Specifically shipping with TNT, they use multiple tracking numbers which will show delivered when it hasn't. It will release funds to the supplier which can be frightening to buyers. As we have NOT received items.
It provides peace of mind - that's why I'd recommend it.
i recommend it because it is safety for us
It's simple to and user friendly
very pleased with product and delivery
I would recommend
Мне не нравится в сервисах Алибаба то что, во первых очень много продавцов на площадке мошенников, а также очень много продавцов выставляет товары по заниженной цене, а продает потом по факту по другой цене, в итоге очень затягивается поиск необходимого.
Cheap product and was easy to order. The downside was understanding what I was getting. The drawing was unclear and I didn't know how to effectively communicate our needs.
yes
Great!!!!
I had to use it once, and I get back the money, without any issue and fast. Perfect service!
good
I feel protected to the certain extent.
When i order items many times it is shipped in separate containers. Soon as the first one arrives ALIBABA assumes the order is complete. Soon I get a notification saying I did not approve or disapprove the product so the order is complete. It is not complete. I have one right now that I have only received 1/2 of the order yet it now shows complete.  I have also had a friend in China hold parts to ship with other goods in a container. How do I protect myself and accept delivery when the items are still in china? How does Alibaba protect itself from sellers who want to deal away from the website? There needs to be an easier avenue for buyers to communicate with Alibaba staff to get help or report sellers for refusing to invoice through Alibaba.  Does Alibaba offer brokerage in the USA?
i just love it
So far very good service from China suppliers
the platform is good but communication with suppliers is terrible, I have lost my merchandise due to their lack of communication
I have made my first purchase via Alibaba and everything worked ok!
clair + précis = idéal
I recommend because is fast and secure
easy to use, easy to correspond, easy to transact and great variety of supply
Really fast all the process
After having a lost on a trade I found out trade assurance is not what it claims for, within the Chat platform with Trade assurance team I learned the agents are not reading your comments and problem even though if you provide  pictures, video and document they will ask you for more document and extending the time for the seller benefits, during my dispute with Trade assurance I was the only person to provide documents and picture and there were absolutely no document and even a single word from seller, yet I haven't receive the refund that Trade Assurance promised. I learned a lesson big time and I wouldn't bother myself to filter out the seller with Trade Assurance mark because its already risk involved with the purchase no matter if it is backed by the Trade Assurance.
Makes me feel comfortable doing business internationally
I would recommend Trade Assurance more if it cost a little bit less
An extremely fast and efficient way to do business.
There's the possibility of potential fraud
THE NAME SAYS IT ALL - Gives you trade assurance!
Great service and great product.
Of the 2 orders, one supplier never sent after 30 days of waiting, plus the supplier never informed us the goods were not going to be sent.
Variety of products
People are putting in the wrong tracking code, that will say its delvired so the trade assurance ends. but i didnt got my order yet and when i ask for the right tracking number they are ignoring me.
So far my experience has been goood.
jb
no support avaliable
Easy and security
We have had a very good experience that gives us peace of mind and confidence.
It is efficient and rigorous
i HAVE DISPUTES OPEN THAT HAVE NOT BEEN RESOLVED AND WERE BEING IGNORED BY ALIBABA FOR 3 MONTHS. THEY ARE NOT COMPLYING WITH THE TRADE ASSURANCE PROMISE TO RETURN ME MY MONEY WITH ALL THE PROOF I HAVE SUBMITTED.
Because companies cheat and lie sometimes and sell you other products than advertized. Alibaba built a reputation of security for customers to their website and therefore we might not trust the producer but we trust alibaba that we will get our money back if the product is no good.
Too many products.
the trade
I've found everything I need quickly for a good price.  I also really like the RFQ option, the chat feature, and Trade Assurance.  The only thing I'd like to see improve is the website functionality (it's a bit clunky).
The security of doing international business .. If it weren't for that, I would have taken a lot of damage and would certainly not do business with China anymore. This security in investing my money and doing business with Chinese suppliers is essential, I don't leave more than use in my business
customer service is awesome
Efficient and high quality service
Security
because helpful with some things in our work
There are way too many scamming lying vendors on here.
Works well, relatively safe, and reasonable cost
good
i would
.
mostly because of trustworthy suppliers
If there any problem with my delivery I can have a refund
Because of the quality of service i would recommend others
i want to
Great service
None
When things go wrong Alibaba are not very helpful.
Very simple and convenient space to order items from!
Because it did not protect me in one of my orders
guaranteed service
The trade assurance service is a security for buyers especially foreign buyers.
the chat is very buggy, when i am talking to a factory i will not reach the same person every time, some times i talk with 2-3 people and i need to explain my self every time. the search in alibaba is very  bad. you cant find what you want and you always see double itmes for same facturys .
We ask for help the Trade Assurance Service for two times, but:   NO chance to get your help or that you can reach a employee or that you can call by phone.  And both times we were cheated by the suppliers and lost lot of money but Alibaba Trade Assurance did nothing to help us.   Alibaba is Chinese company and only helps Chinese suppliers, not the European customers.  We lost every trust in this Trade Assurance.
its not explained very well.  Most of the times the notifications are given in Chinese
i feel safe to use Trade Assurance Service
It is useful in reducing the risk of loss of finances. The only limitation is delay during shipping which limits the trade assurance period.
i had bad experience with a supplier who did not send package after i paid. i was not able to get a refund.
Transaction with TAS is very simple even for a personal business like me
Due to the fact that my dispute was not given a good look at due to the item not being able to resell as they were not the correct cards
Very secure and easy to use
Web and app code, have many bugs.  Is non sense
The supplier I have found is easy to deal with.
All very good
Trade Assurance thing was a big help. Im a first time buyer and the trade assurance program gave me confidence to start my order knowing that I can refund if orders are not fulfilled.
it is a very good and safe service
Communications
I do not feel secure in ordering with Alibaba. This is the first time I ordered but I can not even be assured of receiving my items and there are so many process just to get my refund. The seller is requesting for me to cancel my dispute but if I do so it says there that I can no longer file another case in case they still fail to deliver.
It's safe but it could last more days.
alibaba always takes the side of the seller! this might be the last time i do business with alibaba!
its provides safety   and also helps suppliers remain more honest in there business approach
great prices, but some products are considered counterfiet and cannot be sold online.
Trade Assurance give certainty to buyer and seller, it is a great service for making businees and grant trust.
I would recommend it because my salesperson was attentive, very helpful and everything was perfect.
Because assurance of  all the track of the agreement
Associated Fees
Alibaba shows the trade assurance service rules out on the website. But when I used the service, The trade assurance service agent, FIona. She did not accept my claim because The claim is too late. The trade assurance rules shows I can claim the quality of products in 30 days. She doesn't follow the rules and No respect for the customer. I'm so disappointed.
receiving goods safely, answer immediately
It is a good platform of us.
Great quality and prices.
it gives you security
Lots of suppliers.
My order arrived exactly as it was expected and quickly!
Trust
suppliers are extremely easy to contact and respond quickly. suppliers explain in detail order updates
i love working with alibaba. All of the sellers are fast and they reply in a timely matter. I told the last seller i needed something by a specific date and hes on it!
Very well organized processes
very efficient and gives our company feeling of safe platform for trading with companies that we don't know
not sure!
Fantastic service.
As a new member I had a very hard time checking out after communicating with my suppliers. To complete both transactions I had no choice but to ask them to send me a link.
Security
contain a variety of products, highly recommended
It offers protection for goods during order and delivery process.
I have made a first purchase through trade assurance, the product is still on the way and Alibaba notifies me indicating that the operation has already been completed and 100% has been paid to the seller and that they have already released the money. When I receive my products and if they are not satisfied, how will I claim my money?.
no comment, it's confidential
Great platform for business
Because one of the order is taking more than 1 month to ship simple linux tablet.
I don't know what it is
Negotiable and discuss with supplier before confirmation.
I haven't needed to use it, but it does help aleviate some of the uncertainty and risk of making these foreign transactions where one will have little recourse should things not go as planned.
The refunds don't come to the account.
I really like using this service. It is very easy to use
Excellant customer service.
Efficient service.
I never received an order I placed 6 months ago for $11,000 dollars. I have opened many disputes and it always get closed without resolving the dispute.
I never had any problems...
money back guarantee
Ive bought two items during COVID. The items were not used straight away when I received them. When we did start to use the items they were faulty. It was out of trade assurance so trade assurance is too short, the company didn't care, and Im still awaiting response for my dispute!
n/a
I won't recommend it to my customers because the providers quantities (MOQ) are to high to order.
never needed it yet.
I highly recommend, I found very helpful to search suppliers and interact with them and even do the payment through alibaba without any hesitation, this is an odeal platform to source new products and buy.
Products are easy to find!  Please make a filter to search for products on your site By: Manufacturer By Sales agency By type of sea / air delivery By delivery speed By Including customs and fees By Sending samples
N/A
trade assurance are needed for avoid many risk in delivery product
Ive had two shipments come very late. unsure what trade assurance does
I recommend to use this site to others
it s a convinient way of trade for both parties
just no worried, trust at first buying
All available, dealer honest and true to product
Alibaba makes it easy for me to find high margin products to resell in my country.
Not had the chance to use it so far.
Really Good
lateness with shipment
You are showing orders that we haven't done it  , we keep receiving notifications of orders that we never did , at this point we don't know if this is spam emails or if someone is trying to cheat us .
One moment I really do not like: I communicate with the seller, I say that I want to buy and do not understand where to click to complete the transaction? No where does the bill appear. Once again I repeat to the sellers that I am ready to pay, and they write to me: "Have you organized the payment?" - what does it mean? there are many similar questions. I leave disappointed and don't make deals very often. And I would like to clearly be able to take and buy what you want.
I had 2 cases open, 1 where the product still hasnt arrived. The company gave a false tracking number and they also just provided a ticket to day they have sent it. Disgusting  The other i had 3 defective units out of 10, ive had to take a loss on them, all 3 were spoken to within 7 days
blocked my account
You guys are efficient
i recommend 9
it is save
It is a good source, but you can find some unreliable companies. You have to find the best fit for you
asf asf  sdf sdf wd
The only one thing which is not helful to search new supplier or new items is that the item price are mostly different that in real. Second thing is that the sort in searching is not working properly. I mean sort by low to high price for example. The rest is very goos. All transactional process perfect :)
good
Great service, fast delivery
I would not recommend on the ground that sellers can delay sending and delivering the products while time passes and after 30 days or so, it is near impossible to get a refund so you lose your hard earned money.
nope
secure
seller made me wait until trade assurance was over (saying he couldn't ship) then didn't send goods.
Its completely risk free and build trust and transparency
The service and quality of products are great
Security, Accountability, Traceability
good
i recommend it. for safety of the investment
Not applicable
There is no enforcement of the trade assurance, it is a scam. When there is a clear history of evidence that products are not up to the minimum expected standard, and Alibaba do nothing, they are actively supporting companies who are exploiting buyers. It appears that there is far more to gain for Alibaba by siding with the seller, as they are the ones who pay commissions. It is a disgrace how they handle customer services, repeatedly passing buyers around for hours, days and weeks, asking for impossible evidence, and ignoring the actual evidence. I will never sell with Alibaba, and will only be using the services with suppliers I trust from now on.
There can be a lot of work in finding the right pricing and product, however when you are lucky to find a manufacturer or the right reseller, the relationship and process makes ordering very easy.   If there is one negative, that would be the very large number of resellers who do not manufacture anything and cannot offer any customisation to the goods they sell.  Sometimes this makes it hard to get products you are searching for.  I wish manufacturers where easier to filter for so you could go straight to the source more.  In saying this however, whether ordered through a reseller or a manufacturer, the times I have, I have found that the trade assurance keeps most of the stages of ordering from payment to shipping and delivery run in a timely manner.
Your chat is very slow. Please fix it. Also we could not add Australian CreditCards to WeChat.  Thanks
Live chat service is appalling i have made 2 payments over Alibaba payments with them both going missing and now still 1 is missing and little to no help from your live chat the worst customer support i have ever received
its safe
The refund request is long and not effective. Felt Alibaba personnel whom are reviewing the case does not understand the product to handle dispute cases.
Easy communication through app and messanger. Lot of sellers available
sometimes wrong size or manufacture faults with absolutely no  legs to stand on, its sad
Alibaba is not convenient to many of my suppliers in China coz they charge very high amounts and also Alibaba charges very high commission to do credit card payment.So it's not very convenient.
some order before delivery automatically closed and we get a email that your order is shipped or delivered but it still not delivered or shipped so we can not open dispute in this case
Simple way to contact the seller and safe purchases
Its a tremendous trust certificate!
Perfect so far!
very good service
No
NO
Thankfully we have not had to use it yet, so we can't know for sure how well this service works. We only work with companies that have Trade Assurance
The service is good and the product arriven in time and good conditions, I would gladly buy again using alibaba.
i need to open a dispute regarding a deal that i have trade assurance contract-and i cant find how???!!!!!!
because  the suppliler can put anay prices and next change the prices without any following by Alibaba
I would recommend to provide peace of mind
i like
Alibaba has buyer protection. This is important when choosing a supplier
two company took are money and sent something eles
recommend. Always tricky when buying from new supliers in general add to it that china is far away. And there's no international juristic security. When have dealt with same supliers moreoften service isn't nevessary.
It is an extra safety measure for business.
No Customer service contacts
I have not experienced it enough to have an opinion yet.
Ease of use and payments
None
Fast updates and peace of mind.
Suppliers are too anxious to close orders and become too pushy. Instead of providing Quotation, they treat inquiries as confirm orders and issue P.I. Alibaba should not treat these P.I as confirmed and ask for payments. We have encountered cases and have prompted our Chinese Counterpart to remove these posting on Alibaba.
i have protection if something goes wrong
n
I would recommend because of prices and products, I would not recommend because of the ridiculously expensive shipping cost.
I am happy with Alibaba Trade Assurance and Alibaba overall. Most suppliers are good. There are 2 things that could use some improvements.  1. I would like to know if the supplier has the inventory for a product or now. If that is transparent then I can make a better decision if I need the product right away and can't wait. I have had issues with suppliers who are actually brokers. So they don't have the product in stock and have to wait for them to get the product after I pay them the money.  2. The user interface is very bad actually, it is terrible. I expect from Alibaba, its messaging app. Overall it is below average industry standard.
I would NOT recommend because of what im going thru wit you NOW!  i needed a rush order so i paid almost $500 in shipping.  1st, I didnt receive the style of cup that i ordered. 2 nd, the cups that i did order were painted so badly that they hair dirt, hair, fingerprints and debri all in the pain.  you agreed that the seller only need to refund the shipping.  therefore... i still have to pay for cups that i cant use!!
very profetional
Ease of communication with the sellers, viewing product information etc.
i have a
I recommend it because that way it ensures that my merchandise arrives
I would recommend Alibaba to everyone who wants to purchase online no matter in bulk or small quantity. The most important thing about this trade that it is safe. You don't have to be worried. That is the biggest advantage for me to using alibaba platform.
No
i would recommend it, it helps everyone to make things easier to have  a good business
Safe and secure
Easy to use, smooth transactions.
for small business traders i would recommand this website .
Convenience and secured payment
very good
I would as it helps build buyer confidence.
Alibaba trade assurance is completely biased towards their Chinese paid customers.  For bad, broken & wrong part getting a refund application approve is next to impossible.   Worst service.
Expensive.  Taking a commission on both sides is too much.  You should charge only the seller, not the buyer.
I have had no issues so far and feel it's a much more secure way to do business than over Whatsapp.
The ability to chat with the seller and talk terms and your requirements before buying any thing and the trade assurance.
Great variety of options to purchase.
Good method to keep and track all procurement deals / purchases orders and correspondedn communication in one place.
It is a great safety feature when buying from new contacts.
OK
best customer service!
I haven't used it yet
ok
Because I never had to "use" it
I have found the suppliers very helpful
I'm just getting started learning about Alibaba, but it looks as if they try to assist at every point during the transaction and thereafter. This makes me think of them as a partner rather than a company I;m buying from.
its too expensive when products is sent to USA
It has no teeth. I have never had a dispute paid.
Not sure what this does or how it works.
Great peace of mind
SI RECOMENDADO
it seems pretty safe
I would because it allows you to relief of knowing your payment will not be made until you receive the products you ordered.
I haven't use it
porque encuentras productos con un precio muy cómodo.
Estoy en mi primera compra, aún no recibo mis paquetes.
Still reviewing all of the offered information.
Alibaba does not take care of buyers when the buyer is scammed.
Some sellers ask to pay for PeiPal not connected to alibaba site
a
yes, it's very safe
I would definitely recommend it because it would protect you if things go wrong.
no reason
TA Service is very important - particularly in these COVID times when travel is difficult and manufacturer is so far away.
m
It is I think a safe way off doing business for both parties.
i will because my money is save with them
its secure and allows me to be confident in buying things without having to worry if I'll get scammed or not
Placing my first order was very easy.
I would recommend this - it gives that peace of mind that you will receive what you are told.
satisfied
Delivery : very problem
Very professional, their indications are true and allow you to choose the best among the companies certified by them in complete safety
I have purchased from a company on Alibaba in the past and did not realize they were part of Trade Assurance.  The company charged me for the shipping to USA then kept the money and shipped the items COD (cash on delivery) so I had to pay for the shipping twice.  We are a very small charity and we had to borrow the money to pay for the COD charges so our merchandise would be released at the port.  Very bad experience.  We learned our lesson the hard way - don't buy from a company that does not participate in the Trade Assurance Service.  We just received a purchase from another vendor on Alibaba and they are part of the Trade Assurance Service and the transaction was very smooth with no issues.
security and quality
not a lot tu say
very fast
Recommend!
The website is difficult to navigate and it is hard to determine which suppliers have better quality material and services.
Transactions are handled seriously and safe.
Payment Form with problems with the PLZ and country choice
Haven't had a problem
TAS is exactly protect us
really good
It's not for everybody, the research, ssampling, negotiation, etc.
there is many many many fraudsters and companies with false advertisement and false prices, companies are putting cheaper prices to catch customers. and Alibaba knows this is happening and is doing nothing about it because it is all Chinese companies. also companies don't want to give refunds when they sell crappy products. i have been burn many times by companies on Alibaba.
bcs is a great service
none
ok
la mayoria de las veces ha sido satisfactoria, me ha llegado el producto en el tiempo acordado. Pero hace unos meses tuve problemas con una compa?ia, estan promocionando audifonos 2 x 1 hice el deposito y creo que me estafaron porque despues me staban pidiendo mas dinero para envio y aduana, cuando en realidad en una sola compra yo efectuo un solo y unico pago, si desea les dejo el nombre de la empresa ( VARIAN LTD CYPRUS) tengo el comprobante de pago de la transferencia que realice y el nombre de la persona que me escribio (Adder omer). espero puedan verificar esta anomalia, esto da?a la imagen de Alibaba, espero lean el mensaje. GRACIAS.
It was useless and I lsot 1350 dollars! And the replies after 3 months sending evidense after evidense did not work at all. I was stolen 1350 dollars!
Safe
The basis of protection is there for to keep all parties sucure with each transaction.
I haven't had to use it but I'm happy that its available in the case that a sellers product isn't as described.
Very profesional and secure to buyers
Not very easy to pay in euros.
the service  are good  and  we  can  recommend
I wish there were a direct link to write reviews.  I'm having trouble getting to the proper page to write a review for the slippers I got from Besteasy
BECAUSE AS MY EXPERIENCE AND THE  SEARCHING ONLINE I FOUND THAT THERE ARE SOME COMPANIES SCAM OR THEY SEND TOTALLY SCRAP FOR NO USE. THE CUSTOMER PAY THEM AFTER WHEN HE FOUND THAT THE ITEMS ARE NO USE THEN EVEN THE ALIBABA TRADER ASSURANCE IS NOT SUPPORTING CUSTOMER AS THEY CLAIM INSTEAD THEY PROTECT THE SUPPLIER. I FOUND MANY CLIENT OF ALIBABA THOSE HAS BEEN CHEATED. I AM ALSO THE ONE.
you close orders before they arrive to which you should not do, the receiver should close out when they arrive and once you close order and dispute or get a refund is difficult and l believe this on purpose so we accept whatever is sent. set up for seller, they post slow you close they win and we get nothing so the system not like paypal just words so we buy. I am stressed and upset with this supplier and they ask me not use alibaba platform and use whatsapp they breach rules. Someone should handle this for me from alibaba, whyl pay these commissions for? i am new and only spent 20000 in samples but not see me using AB because there is other ways easier and protect buyer. l am trying to reply about a claim and the system does not accept it keeps saying value is different. It is the same
We are very satisfied trade assurance service.It's safe and convenient. Delivery in time every time
its good
i got products and most of them not working, the seller is refusing to send me refund or send new items,sellers name is Mandy
We like TAS
Smfjekdmdjjjffj
Rest of mind
No, as I would.
Very convenient
It's secure
i purchase something and i request my parcel by DHL but the provider decided by himself to send the parcel by EMS. i never received the parcel. the provider stolen my it was a fraud
Trade assurance confirm that we are buying with honored vendors, that care for our deliveries.
bk
I all ways find everything
You make sure that arrives what you order. your purchase is guaranteed
I would recommend your services
the sellers are ery bad customers service so far
Although shipping takes awhile, I was able to track my order. Once I received the product I was very happy, good quality!
trade assurance safe for us
Always amazing customer service and support. Thank you
I recommend only to buy with trade assurance to avoid fraud
It is highly recommended for greater security and protection in your purchases
I m very satisfied thank you.
Buyer has trust in delivery of the item ordered.
see following case. it*s ridiculous. the messed up and we can't seem to get our money back:  Trade Assurace Order Case No. 1006544479  Order No. 51947059001020829  Refundable amount USD 943.00  Paid amount USD 943.00
Hi, I can tell you the following today   Now today the complaint will be bigger  Because I can tell you that one of our customers have contacted us because one of the mosquito lights you delivered to us has caught fire  They were on a holiday in a vacation accommodation and the power plug caught fire   2020 New Mosquito Killer Trap Lamp USB Electric LED Mosquito Killer Lamps US$ 1,84 x540 Color:White trade_success Also I am fighting for a refund for months now  Also made a complaint with still no answer  I have the right for at least 700 USD refund as you can check in de final resolution of the dispute of this order  500 USD from the seller and 200USD as compensation from Alibaba  Then the supplier claims that this isn't true and I need to send verification from Alibaba to them  I understand, don't worry as I will do my best to help you to resolve this issue.  Would you mind holding for a minute or two while I'm checking this?  And constantly Alibaba is taking the supplier in protection and now you have finally seen what comes from it
Fast and accurate service. product as refered on page.
There is no assurance given to the buyer, no communication with alibaba whatsoever and just an all around lack of any support at all.
good
I had a disputted claim that was submitted on a Jacket that did not match the standard quoted and I was not helped.
So far the quality of the products Ive recevied has been terrible but Im hoping for a turn around with this new order
I ordered 1000 products from a supplier and then i found a shipping company to ship my products from China to Amazon warehouse. After 2 months they tell me that my products are lost and they cand refund me less than 1/3 of my invested money
GRET VENDORS
diffucult to understand the interfaz. and the app do not have essencitial tool like cancel orders.
Great service
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Haven't used it before.
I would recommend Trade Assurance as a way to avoid loss of funds in case of dispute or seller shipping wrong or faulty product.
even though i paid extra $ for shipping within 4-5 working days i received my package only after 20+ days which was quite dissatisfing.
We have found excellent vendors here. I do wish that Alibaba was more helpful the few times that we did need their help when something went wrong. I realized you have to communicate well because if something goes wrong Alibaba doesn't really protect you very well. But the vendors that we have found are amazing, great products and really great to work with!
by few deals  made  i found the service quick & effective
Because one case they not take right decision.
THE INTERFACE NEEDS TO BE IMPOROVED AND IT IS SLIGHTLY CONFUSING. NEED TO BE MORE USER FRIENDLY, WHEN GOODS HAVE BEEN FINNNALY RECIEVED, AKNOWLEDGMENT HAS TO BE DONE AND IT IS NOT VERY CLEAR HOW TO DO IT.
Confidence and security
The sellers in the platform are honest and reliable
exemplary
I would recommend alibaba to other business, because it is the biggest b2b platform and also have most various products on online. But reason of being careful is half of jewelry factories are not even understanding concept of logo. Lack of understanding common essential knowledge
WOuld recommend
The platform does a good job collating suppliers in one place
the last month the messenger on the mobile application does not work well. Messages are not sent. The desktop version lacks the features of the mobile version such as translator, reply with quote, etc.
It's the best way to find suppliers
It is a good and safe way of ordering products with assurance that the product will be delivered
efficiency
I recommend it for the following reasons: 1. Everything is there, 2. Everything I ordered is delivered 3. very polite and attentive sellers, 4. I love Alibaba :)  Wishes - to reduce the cost of delivery to the Russian Federation.
...
Trade assurance service saves you from scams as a buyer
Most of the times I encounter with virtual assistant which I don not prefer as we get system feeded responses.  Need more human interaction.
good variety of producers
quick, fast, trusted
30 days is too short
I would recommend fellow business owners to Ali express because it is a trustworthy platform with huge opportunities for starting a business :)
Good way to know your transaction is secure
Trade Assurance needs improvement
Excellent protection for buyer.
I got scammed and reported and filed a dispute and NOTHING has been done. And yet i am supposed to be protected.
I would recommend because it is secure and easy to use.
because theam of alibaba care  buers
alibaba is a good platform, i like it
por la confiavilidad de la compra
Record Search and claim is complicated.
ok
I was somewhat hesitant to order a few hundred dollars work of product from somebody in another country but after I looked into Trade Assurance I had complete confidence that I would be protected.
Easy to use and contact sellers to have a better communication
sin comentarios
safe
I fill super confidante using Alibaba platform.
N/A
I feel comfortable ordering from gold star suppliers
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service however I would also warn people about the problems I personally have received through this site. Its not always the best and I wish i had help at times to please me the customer but that never happens.  Im always taking a lost on my end.
Excellent products and customer services.  I already recommended 3 people to this site.  Wonderful!
very good
I feel safe making the purchase.
I have had good experience so far with manufacturers I have used.  Any issues are usually remedied.
Really easy to find contacts and buy things.
Useless, do not care about customers. I had bad experience.
the alibaba page is not very friendly, could make the page more easier to the user, the app in the celephone is better
easy to work with
a única vez que entrei em disputa com um fornecedor o alibaba n?o me deu ouvidos e no final precisei aceitar a resolu??o da disputa sem ao menos ter recebido a mercadoria.
very specific trade market, I'm really satisfied.
Becuase it doesnot help to ensure my order content
GOOD SERVICE
more than 95% suppliers are fraud, sale fake stuff low quality stuff vary hard to find the good suppliers.
cutting out the US middleman
very good
.
We apply for refund, we were very harmed because of the shipping delay, and Trade Assurance didn?t help us with that
The Trade Assurance means nothing.  If you look at my last order I had a dispute on it.  Regardless, I lost a lot of money from lost sales.  I paid $900+ for the order.  Trade Assurance offered me $50.  Items were missing ($50) worth, wreaths were sold at 21cms but were 18cms.  I needed 21cms. I feel disgusted
They have good attention
Very good service, good suppliers
safer way to buy and it covers you
safe and user friendly
NEVER HAD A PROBLEM
Such an easy process & so quick to do
have not had an opportunity to test the assurance,so can not comment
its easy make payment and reliable.
Feeling safe
Very reliable suppliers and easy to follow purchase process. Highly recommended
no Help frome Alibaba!!!!
It is easy to find many suppliers, and to contact them.
very effictive
The service is very good!
EXPRESS Postage costs are EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE and therefore there should be an alternative option for shipping to Australia eg. ePacket and Standard post with tracking.
easy to find what I'm looking for
easy and faster / but the MOQ was huge , not really good for all
I would recommend it
Very satisfied
I can't think of a reason not to. it is a good and safe service.
It was great, the ribbon arrived fast and like the photos.
Sellers get the advantage
I like Alibaba service. When I have a problem support team always helps me to solve it. Thank you!
There are some problem in the product. But my counterpart reply so late or without any answer. He said that it's because of the disconnection of alibaba messenger. I seriously think about refund.
sellers are very turtle
Overall satisfied with the speed and quality of the service.
Dispute resolution biased, not honest and no guarantee for parts, quality of even delivery
na
I like to use it  It's safer
The services fees are really expensive for larger orders.
good
secure
every supplier here was very responsif. and cs also supportif.
No comment
I would recommend because the ability to get samples and the fast shipping.
I paid for a full order and received only 1/3 of my order yet the order is marked as complete.  How is this not stealing from me?
Because i had an order form a company that decided not to send us proof of a custom order and we received 400 broken items, i sent in evidence of pulling random cameras out and all of them damaged and Alibaba is more interested in "helping mediate" then actually making an obvious call.
good expirience
fees charges are to high
less page pop ups would be nice
You need to specify better the shipment, customs clearance and extra shipping cost in your sell service in your platform
poor interface
the time for the refund was long
I would recommend
WE DIDNT GOT THR PRODUCT
its great they communicate well
if I recommend it because it's the only way to keep our money safe because there are people who can lie to you in a buying process, that's why I recommend that we use trade assurance
We are new to Alibaba and feel very secured with this Trade Assurance option. Security, satisfaction and peace of mind is all we got through TA.
I purchased from Yiwu Miaoyi Jewelry and they were AMAZING... the quality was perfect, the communication was fast and easy , the shipping was fast and all items were exactly as they were promised. I will always recommend and continue doing business here. This is a wonderful platform to find everything you need in one place... Thank You
no experience with trade assurance
Its a very reliable source of supply and sellers are pretty professional and great custumer service
Shipping prices need to be standardized for weight and size. Way to much differences in price between vendors. Some very as much as in thousands of dollars.
Accurate
I havent yet experienced your response when I have a problem so cant comment
I will recommend to trade assurance because provides confidence.
I have not had any problems or issue with the service.  It has worked for me.
I have always had satisfaction for the moment
I like that it is a secure payment and good prices
Because at the dispute level Chines Alibaba employees are biased
It's a good service..
No comment
Payment links expire too fast. and it may caused some problems
Security in trade is very important.
reassurance over transaction
I had massive quality problems with a supplier and lost $1000. Alibaba Trade insurance did not help me. I see no value for the trade assurance and will now deal with my suppliers directly and pay them via transfer when possible
Alibaba has not given the full support on the case against the seller how has sold us defected items.
I order stickers but the stickers
awesome reliable and high quality industries.
Great peace of mind
I am not sure.
money security and transparency
I lost in a huge amount of item I ordered.
Quick service
Easy to use. Wide variety of products to chose and suppliers are very accomodating
none
quick delivery, safety,
don't know much about it
Good
good merchandise
the website is hard to use
everthing is so smooth! good customer service goes a long way with me!
got my products on time
most of supplier on alibaba not true
i do not want others know how i do bussiness , unless it is for other products,
Is the best
Alibaba protects the seller not the buyer, even when the buyer presents ample evidence of defect. Alibaba forces the buyer to accept poor terms and/or lesser compensation. Trade Assurance is an empty promise. We make sure to let all of our fellow business owners in the USA our terrible experience with "Trade Assurance".
never needed to use it during a dispute as I have never had an issue.
Fast response
it is very convenient and easy to operate
great service
good tradeassurance
Your sellers don’t stick to what they say and just keep using COVID for an excuse for their service failures and false information they provide for delivery timelines. Incorrect order numbers provided by seller, not follow up from them, tracking details incorrect.
Because is a excelent page
I'm not sure what I get with it.
I receive the wrong product, no the size I order and for me to have the right one I have to pay $80.00 for a single piece that cost less than $1.00
every trader is always helpful and honest
It is hard to understand sometimes.  I have ordered several items using it but it's often difficult to navigate the interface.  Can be confusing.  The custom items that I commissioned were not  itemized so that i could tell exactly what i was paying for.
Guarantee that we are receiving the product we paid for.
i find it difficult as there is no communication, with Alibarba...only customer
Easy and simple process
I would recommend Alibaba service because it's a great way to get quantity products at a lower priced than locally in USA.  Shipping is expensive, but it's coming from far away so it's understood.
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it protects the buyer and seller. Its just that simple. But it also can be a hassle trying to receive your money back as a buyer when a seller do not get sizes and measurements correct. When a seller don't believe it was their responsibility for the messed up of sizes and measurements. I am currently dealing with that problem now and hopefully i can receive my money back on the items I can't sell to my audience because it doesn't meet our agreed terms and measurements.
gives me security
Too many times when there are a dispute, it was ruled in the seller favor.  Compare to Amazon which has much better customer service and care for the buyer.  Here the attitude is that as long as the seller ship the item out, everything is ok or make the buyer pay exorbitant to ship item back, or make it so much hard to dispute quality problem.  I had numerous time buy item that is completely useless.  So I learned the hard way not to trust seller I didn't do business prior.
Its not something I would go out of my way to recommend
I gave a small order on June 25, 2020. First company didn't complete my order in 30 days. but anyway I decided to continue with them. Company had never mention any expenses before they got the money. Then I learned, I had to pay almost extra 1000 dollars to get goods. Than I decided to cancel my order, than company said I have to pay storage fee after 2 months later. I decided to start refund. I wait 30 days, no respond from Ali baba. I contacted with Alibaba they said I need to start another refund process. But when you try to choose reason for refund, there is nothing for buyer. Every option support seller. Only 4 option to choose. I don't trust Alibaba anymore. And today I am going to start dispute with my bank with all proof. I took screen shots. No more shopping from Alibaba.
make it safe transaction
Trade Assurance gives me added comfort when ordering overseas.
I would strongly recommend Trade Assurance to everyone who deals on Alibaba simply because it protects both supplier and customer. Futhermore, I would say this service obliges the supplier to produce products of good quality. Personnaly, I appreciate such a service!
It is not inline with the period and time that it takes to receive and test your goods properly. It get closed automatically before you can confirm. It is really something that is currently for me a waste, but I would have loved it, because it would give you that protection against shady suppliers, which there are a lot of on Alibaba. It needs much improvement protecting the buyer instead of being just a marketing tool, which it currently feel like it is.
Products are good quality and fast service and delivery.
None
I would recommend it because it seems like a good option for new traders.
Trade assurance is a safe platform of transaction
Not enough time to receive
Good service
Safety of purchases
Shipping taking very long
so far I like it and haven't had issues
There was a huge problem with an order. There was proof that the supplier never gave me different shipping info and i ended up sending the package to the address that was on the invoice, and loosing $.
I have not received the items i have ordered and no feedback is provided to me by Supplier .
alibaba always takes seller side.
Process is reassuring, safe, and holds the vendors accountable. AS far as the website goes, it needs a simple User Interface. It is too busy and it hard to navigate and find all things.
no
It helps to counter fraud
Received wrong item, started refund process, was asked to deliver it back and delivery from EU zone to China is 3 times expensive than the item i've purchased. cannot change or contact the alibaba assistant.
Products are not what we see on pictures
Easy and faster
they did not protect my rights  i was provided with order that cost me 9000$ with wrong sizes and missing items and was not refunded
no comment
i have submitted 2 reports , i never got my money back and i am having a third problem with the quality of the products again. i know i am not getting money back.  all different suppliers, the settlement people do not understand the products so they dont know what to check and their English isn't that well either  , all they care just delivered it or not. the rest , there is no expert from product to pro duct to settle the issue
For: the risks are taken care of. Cons: the price is too high
q
Trade assurance provide assurance to both parties
i havent received my parcel which i ordered almost 1 nad half months ago.
I would recommend to any one who want start a small business and want grow from scratch.
Thanks
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it help us business owners to be protected with our business transactions  and transact in much safer way with our suppliers.
it's good
its very safe to trade on alibaba .
No bad experience so far.
I feel secure with making a transaction.
n
Maybe is not for everyone and i think once you have direct relationship with supplier then no need
no
It is a trusty platform, and you have all the information inside.
It worked and helped secure my order
I find innovative products at a competitive price.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is easy to work with and good communication.
traders protection.
good
Quite good enoung
N/A
great site many difficulites with paymnets and it should work with paypal
Very good company, Good price and good services
Why are you releasing the money to Seller when I have not received the Order yet ? This is currently in transit and shipment/ delivery is not complete. Why is the funds already released to Seller ?
I think it's a pretty safe and trustworthy system, in my experience it's worked very well
It feels secure and proffesional
I really like Trade Assurance because it brings a sense of security to my transactions.
I have not had to claim for faulty goods yet but it is reassuring if it works.
It's safe and assure that quality is good
Because the supliers charge shipping cost very expensive .
Its is a little complicated and automated. Hard to follow sometimes for an old man
Because I did not get a refund for a product that was ver very late.
It gives me confidence to shop
warranty of quality
My order was the wrong color.  We emailed and messaged the supplier probably 20+ times with no response.  The order was for Black scrubs, and we got purple. Everything on our order was correct, and we paid, so they are not responding because they don't want to pay for their mistake.
1. The supplier offered free shipping and then demanded more money to cover shipping. Not trust worthy site. 2. Supplier has not shipped and will not gibve shipping details.  Alibaba needs to ensure this service is open and honest.
Is very good for finding prodyucts a very good price but you need work in make easier and transparent all the costes involved in deviver the product until final point
Dont support the buyer in situations when issues with orders.
great service
I've tried ordering from several companies and the products have been bad.
I had an issue with a supplier, yet Alibaba trade assurance didnt solve it for a long time already
YES, I WOULD
i haven?t information about my goods for a long time. Between China and Polen i haven?t.
NUNCA ME MANDARON EL PRODUCTO Y NO RECIBI NI UN DOLAR DE REEMBOLSO! ES UNA ESTAFA ESTE SITIO
It's very safe
I would recommend. I just think that the seller should show their actual product. A lot of times the sellers show the item from social media, but when you get the item, you can tell that it has been remade and is not exactly like the item pictured.
It offers safety and security for buyers who are at a disadvantage.
I would recommend trade assurance because it assure you and give you confidence
Security, trust and seriousness in business
Because already had some issues with very unprofessional seller. Who sent me good by delay, told me he had goods which i wanted, waited for one week, than he says he has no item what I want, Order was paid, and so an on and on. Also, FleaDoctor product was totally SCAM and FAKE. it simply does not work. you can put a flea on it, and you can see 3 out of 5 will escape. This is bullshit. I've lost money and time here. It's just, everyone is lying about prices, you see 100$ you ask, its now 200$. Crazy. But you gotta trade if you want to get the product. But  it's shame, when seller refuses the client to sell samples, they want STRAIGHT ONE CONTAINER DEALS, that aswell sucks. And sometimes, more honestly, more than sometimes, you can find on AliExpress same product way cheaper, than "Wholesale" PRICE here.
No reason
The Shipping was extremely fast and I was  comfortable that if any issues happened with shipping I could get my money back.
Feel safe
too many manufacturers do not advertise their own ads. Dealers do not understand orders. Too many delays by not understanding the orders. Asking questions about their own ads. Makes it seem like you cannot trust vendors to be actual manufacturers.
Very easy to use - and if there is a dispute or issue with any item; TAS takes it seriously and responds quickly.
We use T/T payment transfer for 12 supplier since the 22nd of OCT till today they have not received their money and we have no one to speak to about it, A gentle man assign to take care of us was officially told about this we send attached of  payment  slips from our local bank confirming payments was made, we have not had any feed back from you.
N/A
They favor the vendors
No. I would recommend Trade Assurance
It is a good service
I have not received any of my purchases yet, so I can not recommend till I do
I do recommend it, I like the chat.
Trustworthy
Good response
The searching products and navigation its ok, it coud be better.. but the more negative aspect of the whole process is that the sellers usually dont publish the apropriate product information, also the prices, they publish one price but then when you ask for it, they have another price... i have proove of this, some products i have seen with one price, but then the seller said that this price is just for gaving the attention of customers... to get better positioned on searches... that is something you should check and penalize the sellers doing this bad practices...
Delivery and cost of freight
Trade assurance is meaningful that Alibaba has vetted vendors.
The seller must include in the contract that is made through Alibaba, the company that will be responsible for making the shipment since for their convenience they change it at the last minute. If as a buyer one says that they must send by UPS for example they must respect that decision.
the overwhelming number of goods are presented with reduced prices. As a rule, after payment it turns out that the delivery is paid or the price for another product. This is disappointing
I think that the extra cost you add to it is a little high to be honest. And I'm definitely planning on switching to another platform for that reason alone very soon.
less risk
slow suppliers
It is safe
good job
Interface is very helpfull. All of them intersting with my problems and find quick solution.
I?d recommend it because it was really fast.
Trade assurance does not work, they always side with the seller and really takes forever to respond. Its really a waste of time.
Luckily I never had to use it. It provides security for my purchases so I can start immediately my projects confident everything will be fine.
The order show completed just after shipping so now I'll loose the trade protection before I receive the goods.
The Trade Assurance Service does not provide a guarantee that the money will be returned if the Supplier does not meet their obligations
Alibaba guarantees money back for Seller failiure....What is better?
NOT WORTH OF PAYING EXTRA IN THE NAME OF TRADE ASSURANCE.COMPLETELY RIP OFF NOTHING AT ALL
I haven't really needed to use the dispute process, so I cannot comment.
its good
made business sourcing easy
Great customer service
I will
Safe
Waiting for 5 months to be refund for this dipute Trade Assurace Order Case No. 1005824319  Order No. 33013683001022247  Refundable amount USD 3450.00  Paid amount USD 3450.00
Have goods items and the time of delivery is very good
I would recommend it because It is a secure page and the sellers are trusted and all the products are affordable in price to start our own business!
Just to help with finding manufactures. It's been a big help for me. Will see how the next few years go.
safe
muy buen servicio
reliable company
lo recomendaría por que es bueno, rápido y la tienda donde he comprado es excelente. gracias
ITS GREAT
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because my information is safe and my goods are protected from the beginn to the end of the operation.
Alibaba Trade Assurance is the key
The service is perfect for me always!!!!
Very nice
No, I would recommend Trade Assurance.
Gives confidence
Just finding out how secure it really is. But if Ok I will recommend it to others
counterfeit products. Sculptra, Slim Injection, Fillers,
Safe secure ordering and had great experience ever since we started using them as our primary source for contacting vendors.
1
Trade assurance service made the check out process easy.
Hope is the gives safe transfer of payment as  the middle part in the trader
You are a bunch of scammers. You sent a product that was returned to your company yet I was still Charged. I'm in process of legal action against Trade Assurance. You took my money and I never received the product. Your Company is simply terrible to deal with
because the experience was very good.
some seller requested to cancel the order since they dont want to ship in the prices its noted and when i cancelled the order since i was afraid to get not working product i am the one who lost money due to the transaction
Price and speed
Katrina was soo helpful and understanding, just because of her, ? will continue shopping here
Two fakes products and Alibabas's intervention clearly in supplier support
it helps keep orders and payments safe
We have had full assurance about safety of money with Alibaba. Also the suppliers listed on Alibaba are very good and we can find lot of new things easily.
It works
good
More fake accounts
Things come wrong and you always set up excuses so you don't have to reintegrate money
good seller
I believe your trade assurance does not protect us. If we received damaged good it is after us to figure out how to fix the problem. Following up and doing nothing to help is very inefficient. It is also quite concerning and frustrating.
HArd to NAvigate your site. I had a hard time looking for this. I look at trade assurenace tab a few times before i go comb each and one of the folders to check this refund request and pending items ... (i saw this now in the All Orders folder)
It bridges communication and trade for a small business and big manufactures.
supplier rating is as sufficiently good from other buyers
Because all the sellers are increasing their prices randomly, dealing with them has been v
Most of my experience with Alibaba Vendors are good except the last purchase.
The trade assurance representative is NOT actively working on our case. The representative does not communicate with us. The representative is NOT reviewing evidence, previous conversations, etc. The representative keeps asking for more evidence and just encourages the buyer and supplier to figure out a resolution on our own. If it was possible to work with the supplier, then I would not have initiated a trade assurance dispute in the first place.
cheap, safe and fast payment option, so i recommend it
I received one shipment with fully substandard products, dispute take around two month with your support team. At last I received a letter that I need give an answer during next three days.But I received this letter the same time that holidays started at Dubai. So- when I read this letter dispute was close already. It's very pity that your support team don't checking the calendar of others country....
Secure my transaction
high commision
I found a products and good shipping, delivery
good and fast
good service provider
Protects me from untrusty sellers.
It's very good
TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE IS GREAT AND HELP KEEP CUSTOMERS SAFE WHO WORRY ABOUT SEND THE MONEY OVERSEAS
The site is lacking for genuine customers’ reviews and so it is challenging to find a trustworthy supplier.
Lo recomiendo
Trade assurance service gives me more confidence in large purchases. If you did not have the service, I would first place a much smaller order to establish a business relationship with the vendor before placing large orders.
Often get responses that are not related to the products being sought
Because I want to kee[ this service all to myself ! :P
i been dealing with a company that misrepresents their product, between 2sites, am out 1000usd, & these guys even left the transaction appear incomplete, whereas i cannot review product & warn others of this fraudelent misrepresentation of product
Professionalism.
Great prices and good customer service
The Trade Assurance service permit smooth transactions.
User friendly and safe transaction with merchant.
transacting business here is smooth
im very satisfied with all my orders
Yes, I would recommend it, because it allows us to ensure our investment.
the amount of selection of products.
easy, secure and fast
LARGE RANGE OF PRODUCTS TO HOOSE FROM
It's a great experience
Safe
Time
Trade assurance is trustable
order took too long to complete from start to finish.  The Chinese holiday week in October did not help.
I tried it and I felt save
protection of goods
no
is too expensive
My first order placed went though with ease and I had no problems
non
Needs to diversify beyond China more. If I want to get shirts from Sri Lanka or Bangladesh, it should be easier.
Good to know your money spent is being fulfilled.
i love alibaba &lt;3
It felt safe.
quality products
Product never received.
I recommend
Good prices Can buy anything I need
lots of variety, good prices, easy process.
all is good
Because it is useless. A seller refused to ship my items and you did n nothing about it.
European bank account -&gt; no bank fees; If amount is not too high sufficient conversion rate. Reduced risk of loosing payment in case supplier get?s bankrupt before delivery.
If you get screwed by a Chinese business for manufactured goods Alibaba will always support the Chinese business. Basically, the dispute process is totally corrupt. For a small business as I am I order a lot of products from China for personal and business use and when a order gets screwed up like one of my orders a $5,000.00 dollar total loss is an issue
So far everything I   have ordered is in really good condition and the quality is top notch.
Lack of communication  Deals advertised only not to be true  Being told different prices  Very frustrating experience
Allows me to try unknown suppliers without risk
Because I do not know how you can assure trade assurance.
Amazing variety to start your own small business, so glad i shop here
I wasn't aware the order would take as long as it did. They didn't mention that in correspondence
Trade assurance doesn't actually offer any kind of protection to the buyer. The buyer would have to spend more money trying to get something resolved than they would actually win back. I've had a few orders which have been unsatisfactory and there's no point in taking it to trade assurance as they won't help or get your money back. Buying and trading on Ali Baba is a risky business.
Safe and protected
Very easy, transparent and safe.
they only support sellers not buyers.
sellers are not very clear with the customer. If you buy one time with a good price they will raise the price when want to buy again!
Trade Assurance seems more secure and reliable
excellent service
very good in dealing with issues
I'm being clearly scammed and it seems like I won't be able to get my money back. I've lost a lot of time writting back and for with a seller that's clearly scamming me. Either that or he/she doesn't know what he/she is doing. NONE of the links he/she sent work.  You should be able to detect scammers sooner, and ban them before they make new customers (like me) lose confidence in your website.  I've never had an experience as bad as this in 20 years buying stuff on the internet.
Securety
Alibaba closed my dispute and I am owed money from the seller.
When i applied for a refund it took too long and i ended up just receiving the products even though i didn't want them as i lost trust in the supplier... there was many many broken and now manufacturer blames the shipping agent despite the packaging being poor.
Great service
i am refund my application but ali baba not responce me
Ease and convenience
I paid but did not receive the goods!!!
for safty
its a safe system to use
I'm using since started and I always find what I looking for
Poor quality and timing of response from Alibaba.
security is good
Variety of products and prices
Messaging app is different then website.
because your have solved my issues in a prompt and professional way.
Excellent time response, full recommended
I would like to recommend trade assurance service because it make my transaction save
lot of choices and easy to use
N/A
Trade Assurance  has helped us to guarantee that the product will be ready.
Feels safer to transact with supplier thanks to trade assurance
The large amount of competitive quotations available for similar products
It is very good for shipping time guarantees.
no reason
Just the peace of mind knowing Trade Assurance have your back in the event a company try to rip you off.
because it gives payment security, in addition to covering any inconvenience with the seller within Ali
I just want to find a good vendor I can trust and that will be personable with me.
I've been struggling to get the dispute team refund my order aven after more than one month has elapsed after the seller shipped the goods via express air freight. the goods never arrived.
I have good experience buying on Alibaba platform. Keep up the innovation and aim for the stars.
Good service and secure
CAUSE INFORMATION ABOUT SHIPPING IS NOT CLEAR.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Services, because I felt safe and it was easy.
no
It is easy and safe.
Nice, it make our business in safe.
It gives a peace of mind knowing that your order is secure as well as your money
IS EXCELLET PRICE AND SERVICE
Nil
yes i like assurance service like that my money save thank you
they have a great product and awesome customer service
ALl works great.  Thanks a lot.
Still learning about it
recommended because you have a variety to choose from and it is trusted.
because I have ordered two things and had no problems yet.  it is a very small sample size of n=2.
Trade Assurance has decided that my order has been delivered, it has not.  The shipping confirmation was to Iceland, and the ship to address for the order was Sedona AZ  USA.  How can Trade Assurance decide that the order has been delivered when the shipper specifies Iceland, but the ship to address is Sedona AZ USA?  This seems like a major flaw in your service.
Customer support on chat is TERRIBLE. Too many ways for sellers to game the system on Trade Assurance and get away with anything they want. There is no real protection for buyers.
the worst service ever, you dont solve my p?roblem and lost money, I send many evidences of fraus but you never support me
thanks for all,
It not safe. only 30 days to return an expensive item or make a claim.
no help, scams
The shipment cost is high. it would be important fo the future  if there were more afordable options.
too many hits and follow ups.
Good service and parcels arrive on time.
It secures the purchased goods.
Trade assurances orders are not trustable at all, you can have anything on it, at the end is more valuable a conversation between seller and buyer with out matters the content description on it.
It has been very helpful to secure deals and have confidence purchasing product!
Suppliers make false promises and play around with us. There is no power to the customer. If a supplier do something wrong they will simply ask us to get a refund and close the order. Where we have been waiting for months sometimes for the goods to be available. And simply we don't have time to get it from a different place. So we have to buy from them.   And sometimes suppliers cheating us and get the payment by acknowledging the product availability. Then after payment no goods are available. They make up some story to get away from it.   This is my real experience.   Plus your messaging service is very poor. Huge delay in receiving and sending messages to the supplier in PC and mobile.
because is fast and secure
one Order got mixed up and sent to another customer and I had to wait longer to receive my order and then the other order was placed before the first order and it still is not received and can not get updated tracking information.
unprofessional service, as people try do make decision on disput don't understand anything in equipment.
Just a bot... that are bullshit :)
Friendly and professional agent, Great Service, Fast Delivery!
Some operator do not answer a phone call
I am concerned about Alibaba's response time in case of any problem, once the supplier is paid, he may incur errors that are not improved if a claim is not made and this can only be done by requesting the termination of the contract
Cost
We placed an order with a supplier claiming to hold certain certification however this is not the case. Alibaba should carry out checks and offer better control for suppliers under the trade assurance agreement.
is a joke
Trade Assurance never covers me it always covers the merchant it is horrible. Additionally, I do not get reimbursed the service charge.
re asurred that you and your money is safe
Till moment i have found good suppliers and good personal assistance to make business.
You feel confidence making bussiness.
contant for order
I would recommend to good friends that i want to do well. But not others in my industry
Trade Assurance does exactly what the name says, make you feel assured that your transaction will flow smoothly. If ever there is an issue, Trade Assurance is there to step in and help. Great service!
I recommend alibaba because it is more efficient, simple and reassuring
recomendaría por la variedad y cantidad que ofrecen en la plataforma y la confiabilidad de los proveedores
greater certainty
Because we can pay with credit card and the payment be safe
shipment takes to long after order is submitted to manufacturer  the take 2 to 4 weeks to ship and the it takes the shipment time  really to long
None
because of the item availability
peace of mind it delivers to receive item in good condition.
???
Portable goods sometime arrived broken
Quick and easy
I would recommend trade assurance, it makes me feel secure because i am purchasing from a different country.   I also know that i am not being scammed.
does not seem to protect from scamy bahaviours from some suppliers.
I would because it's reliable
it allows manufacturers/shippers to close cases too soon and not allowing assessment of products.
for bulk online purchase i rather choose the trade assurance service
To spend hundreds of dollar and a lot of my time on something i didnt order, is a waste...
.
Viskas labai gerai.
It's safer
best solutions of supplies
THE RECOMMENDED FOR THE GOOD SECURITY OF THE SHOPPING
Trade assurance doesn't seem to work.
It makes easy for me.
None so for. My goods have been delivered in time except for 1 which is under dispute. hope this service helps me
the suppliers doesn?t respond fast as alibaba or other enterprise the same style
Excelente no tengo otra calificación para el servicio.
Service
For quality products and good and efficient service.
Complicated audit
When we have a problem we have to answer questions or choose a sentence instead of getting someone to discuss problem with and sort it out.
Trade assurance help to protect my money
it has everything!  only thing  i wish alibaba could have more 1 moq suppliers and reasonable prices for 1 moq as suppliers are also unrealistic at times with moqs and pricing. pricing also changes when you contact a supplier. they advertise one price but give you higher price when you enquiry  so its disappointing as its hard to find what you want and honest supplier
i would like to be able to buy directly. as i need to send my products to a warehouse in china first i allways need the supliers to make an order for me to pay.
soemtimes your settlement of dispute is lop sided and biased
quality is very good and service is very nice
I would recommend them because you can check the reputation of the seller
Alibaba release the payment to seller before I receive the goods.
Would recommend in the initial stages of working with a new supplier to build up trust
I completely lost my money. i am new and just starting a business. Every other item i purchased, i received. But this seller was very rude and unsupportive
Many of the items cant not be purchased without speaking to a representive and when speaking to sa representive it is always complicated . wish everyone was ready to ship
I would recommend because of security
Your order is guaranteed. I feel more secure when I make an order.
I am always very please with the products
I think the message board needs a upgrade, there are a lot of sales people selling the same thing,, vague description of products.
I like alibaba and there are suppliers of all kinda with good prices but things that I dont like is the customer service and also that mainly all suppliers are from China
Very easy to process payments
It is a lot safer to use Trade Assurance
I like how reliable and fast it was
pure satisfaction
GOOD
its a very usefull platform ,easy to find great items and suplaiers.
Trade assurance is a good service, however suppliers have varying level of competence and there is discrepancy in how it is used. Some suppliers use the function correctly others don't
I would recommend it because you get the opportunity to chat with the suppliers: they respond very quickly and is very informative about the products you're interested in as well as additional stock they might have. delivery is fast.
is a very good service
Trade assurance time period is quite short. Sometimes it takes longer to receive the product, and by that time trade assurance protection has been finished. Even if we extend the trade assurance coverage it does not matter much.
because you have protection in payment, product and quality with the option of reimbursement against any problems
is not easy to use
Enjoyed a peace of mind throughout the whole transaction. It saved me a lot of time in researching and taking care of related issues.
A provider sold me something with lies, printed wrong the logotype of my business so it seems like an imitation not the real product of my brand.The exact issue was that i asked the provider if the product in this case the shaker was double walled, he said yes but i received a single walled shaker, on top of that without my logo impressed, he offered 20 usd because of that error wich seemed like a joke since i am not able to sell a product that seems like counterfeit, imitation. I charged all the evidence with videos en photos and YOU alibaba said had nothing to do to help me, that it was impossible
Thank you for all
they failed to help me my only issue i have ever had with a seller
It doesn't cover you at all. I have just recieved poor quality items that can't be used and the supplier is refusing to refund with no help from Alibaba
Gives you piece of mind when dealing with companies so far away.
More guidance after an order with your manufacture and also the communication, other than that everything is good.
good
I've notice same seller a lot, waste of time to select.
I recommend it because it is an effective and safe system to carry out transactions.
none
Convenience and response time
excellent service
very good service
i like alibaba.com
All the suppliers are professional and very quick with updates on shipping matters and even provide selling tips.
It gives assurance that you will not be scammed as a customer which give us a sense of security when buying products from Alibaba.
no
UX/UI is not good.   Not enough sellers outside of China.
delivery fees are high
Alibaba will provide everything that everybody need. its easy and secure.
It's very easy to work with and it has many great ways to be safe and not get scammed by others when paying. Also on the fact that you can see the sellers store background and see how they are with other costumers.
I would recommend trade assurance because it  gives me confidence  at the moment of paying
For wholesale prices
Alibaba have a wonderful people working   there helping costumers special new costumers.
very quick shipping and good material
I recommend it because i've been able to trust the service so far.
I have clearly received subpar goods and I have not been compensated for them.
Product was wrong and wrong size
its is very simple and fast , I love it .
I feel comfortable doing business.
is a platform that gives you confidence
el sistema favorecio solo al vendedor, los productos que me envio estaban defectuosos
I am to new to service to be sure of it. If it continues as it has I will become very satisfied.
The communication that you have direct with the seller is great. The price is another reason. And the service. Anyone who need something for a good price Alibaba is the Solution.
ITs a safe and secure Service offered to the buyer.
Peace of mind.
non
Deliver is fast
All works fine
Es el servicio de compras en línea más seguro en la actualidad
c
I would not recommend to deal with companies that ask for BTC as payment or that will not deal through the Alibaba -platform
It's perfect for us. We are secure that we won't be robbed.
I would recommend because it is easy to use, I have been able to find many suppliers and also for payments, I feel it is safe
Its very nice!
No
use my own
Your policies are geared towards protecting Chinese suppliers and not the buyers.  You don't help well when there is dispute.  30 day limit?  Really?  If it's a problem, then it's a problem.  Saying you can't do anything beyond 30 days, even for obvious quality and shipping issues would prevent me from recommending you to any others and for my business as well.
It looks like using Trade Assurance Service is good. I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it's safe pay for both supplier and buyer, but I still don't know how it works because nothing happened to my first time order on Alibaba.
do not use
Cause its very easy and convenient to use. Especially this pandemic time.
Not appropriate. I am alone.
La compra se finalizo sola y no pude recuperar mi inversión (El vendedor no envió producto)
no
0
NOT GOOD AND NOT TAKE ANY ACTION
i recomanded to use paypal for payment or debit card account cause i dont have a credit
I would recommend it as it give you a peace  of mind
I Would recommend to all business
because so many suppliers won't use it and request t/t. when I do pay via alibaba it's fine but so many sellers don't do it properly
It's 30% defective and they won't fix it. I took lots of photos of the evidence and they said it was not evidence. Where's the trade guarantee? That's not helpful at all.
i will recomend trade assurance because when goods are requested, this is what one uses to follow up payment and finally shipment
Unfortunately Suppliers are abusing the customers by sending defected products and Alibaba is doing nothing to push the suppliers to refund money to their customers, despite all evidence.  IT seems alibaba works closely with these suppliers. this is my experience with alibaba after one year and more then 20,000 USD of goods purchased
simplicity
ok
it's convenient to check
Trade Assurance Service is suppose to deliver dispute and come to an agreement but your team favours mostly the suppliers from China. Most of my cases have gone dissatisfied
Easy and fast transaction with suppliers using Trade Assurance
simple and secured
no reason its great service
safty .speed quiaky
It is a great service.
Best of both worlds, purchase without middleman or thru merchant, single or bulk prices, shipping options, robust system.
i dont have problem with alibaba is a good page
Excellent networking, fast responses, ease of use of website.
never recived my product my first time ordering
I appears that you don't consider the loss customers incur when goods are faulty or orders are incorrect. to suggest that items be shipped back to china you are well aware of the frustration and is un reasonable. persons complain when they are not satisfied
Safe transactions
I?d recommend Trade Assurance because is a tool I have as buyer to make a legal dispute if something doesn?t work.
i am having issues with my phone app so when i am out on the go my messages do not work, which is holding back me starting my business cause i don't have a computer in front of me all the time so if you could sort this out it would be great
There's so many vendors with the exact same photos as others. Its sometimes hard to tell who has real photos of the products.
Easy to use
They are reliable and excellent customer care
Services for payments made assured
almost 2 month i wait my order. no staff, no info., no contact.,.,. you do nothing
easy to search and good products. Some shipping fees are high but I'm saticfied
because is very safe for me
NU AM AVUT PROBLEME CU TRADE ASSURENCE SERVICE
sales person very capable
I wish they would help business owners like me, an opportunity to grown by offering me net 30-60 terms.  Its invitation only.
NA
we used it and fight around 3 months against a fraude but even if we gave you all proof you protected the supplier by using terms we complains too late  We proofed it wasn't the case  I was very unhappy with this case and  i really not recommend to pass order through this system as it do not protect customer but supplier even when they are scammer
sometimes costing makes the product cost a little too high
YES
im not sure if i got it.
somethings not found
The customer service has been outstanding. As a new client and with the language barrier I was impressed how we were able to work around any difficulty. My hat goes off to anyone selling their products on Alibaba and dealing with people from all over the world and being flexible enough to work through communication and logistics issues to make it "happen" for their customers.
Reliable and protect buyers' payment.
it take to long to answer ,  and the shipping time are taking longer than spected
no help. wouldnt return . bad very bad
Not used trade ass
Because it gives me a sense of security when purchasing goods from another country.
I would recommend as I've received excellent customer support and I have the Trade Assurance guarantee.
since my Chinese is not good, this makes doing business better.
I'VE MADE A ORDER, AND A PAYMENT AND UNTIL TODAY DID NOT RECEIVE MY ORDER!!!
for security reason and helping the buyer to protect
good security within transcations
They answer any questions you may have.
Buena atencion, solo que deberian de ser mas flexibles con un descuento a minoristas,para seguir adquiriendo sus productos a un solo proveedor y no tener que estar cotizando con cada uno.
trusted , supplier are friendly
Wile there is a trade assurance who check the device there is INSIDE the box a broken glass ?? What do they inspect ?
It's much more safe for buyer to have transaction through trade assurance
Guarantee to buyer
My experiences have been positive and their are so many choices to choose from.
I thought that buyer were protected from sellers who try to sell very very bad quality products like the product I have received
my last order went poorly, and I do not know how to even get assistance..
Due to Shipping arrangement
I would definitely recommend it. Trade assurance is the reason I use Alibaba. I only work with suppliers that have it. I need that extra level of security to know that if something goes wrong, I won't lose all of my money.
Yes, a company sent me the wrong item and you never helped me fix it.  So I stay away from ordering large items or supplies through you.
It helps but your still going to get screwed.  I did.
Easy, simple and very organized
My order was sent quickly after a holiday, and everything I ordered looked like the picture.
For the security
I received a whatsapp message from a seller, who said It was provided by alibaba, I found then on this web, then I paid the order and never recived nothihng and the ordar was closed
Peace of mind
At fist, very safe. And it's much easier than sending money via bank. With credit card, everything can be done.
You need to check carefully what you put on the contract, suppliers could be very tricky.
very fast
Yes, it's a great way to keep the buyer and seller transparent with each other.  Each party is ensured a safe and satisfying experience
I don't have any information or experience with it.
It is safer for both parties
I'm satisfied with my orders
slow  progress  .   no   shipment
I am recommending Trade Assurance for the safe and security of the items that you purchased.
I've only had my first couple orders. I haven't been exposed to the service enough to make one recommendation or the other.
Got a great price on my scooter and customer service was good
I tell everyone about you guys here in the USA. Trade assurance is piece of mind especially for large purchases. Have not had to use it yet
Reliable
When I have had issues, Trade Assurance was not very helpful.  There should have been a set of guidelines laid out for the seller and the buyer. I have had another experience that also leaves me to believe Trade Assurance is just a sales gimmick and have no authority over the Alibaba marketplace. As a customer I take all the risks.  I pay up front and wait for the seller to decide when they'll send.  Sometimes I do not receive shipping information to track my orders and am left to wait up to month with no knowledge of when the shipment can be expected.   It may be from my ignorance, but shipping costs seem to fluctuate significantly,  Leading to believe product pricing is being inflated by higher shipping costs.  I don't see how I have benefitted from Trade Assurance in my dealings with the Alibaba marketplace.  If I am wrong, I may need more information and I have not read my expectations as a buyer properly.
Great system
Haven't used it, but gives peace of mind considering distance to factory.
i will recommend trade Assurance Service
It is reassuring that your investment is protected
I know they are busy but the response time when I am trying to place and order with some of the companies is very slow.
purchase is safe
exelente
I do recommend it BECAUSE IN MY SHORT EXPERIENCE WITH YOU, IT WAS GOOD FOR ME
Some of your merchants will hide costs and other fees from original price quote!
it is very slowly  We have many times with sending PDF
Sometime defective products are not dealt with as fast as you pay for bad product!
cause it good
good service
We had a trouble first time among 10 orders executed good. Color and shape was not as declared in cataloque. I requested dispute many times and attached proving photos as well as wrote that cargo is delivered to Moscow already. I asked supplier initially to refund money and accept cargo back in china but they refused when it was in china. Then at the end of dispute supplier proposed to refund money when cargo was in Moscow already. I wrote that cost of delivery back exceeds price for the goods. Unfortunatelly Alibaba dispute manager read this info and contunued to ask to deliver back to supplier as well as proving photos that I sent many times. I had feeling speaking with not human but compauter reapting the same frases and asking photos again and again. I felt like the person even did not open attached files and did not read my repeating replies.
i would?
no customer service.  no way to contact person who can help us to resolve the problem.  It is very hard to find how to get help,
wa
Good system.
The Logo size on my order is not the size that was discussed.
when goods never arrive you are assured you get your money back!
It’s not trade insurance that I’m complaining obout
Right now I have big problem with my last order, I order an 80w machine with cw5200 and I receive a 60w and no cw5200, I ask to the vendor about missing part and wrong model, and for Invoice and I don't receive answer. I give 1 more day, after this I'll open a dispute
no
It is of excellent service and quality in every way. thank you
It is ok
non
it looks secure.
I did not receive complete goods I ordered from a merchant using trade assurance , merchant representative is very disrespectful and abusive and dispute process if very slow too ,havent got my money back yet
I am having a dispute with my supplier and they refuse to give me a refund
so far so good. I have no issue using it to date.
Very professionl and fast service!
payment always failed
good protection
Once you understand the process, it's very easy. It can be a little daunting at first. Suppliers are friendly and make the process smooth.
Money security
it is safe
it is good
We found good supplier on this site.
I used Trade assurance previously where a supplier sent me damaged goods and the trade assurance did not help at all.
I trust on trade insurance service but i havent claimed for anything
Good service, very good! I like it!  But comission is very big - 3.5%
Yes, it is safe and efficient.
secure and reliable. and swift is much appreciated
I will recomend because is very easy to use it.    Thank you
The wrong product sent by customer and after raised issue to alibaba team. not found any solution.
RU Данная функция есть очень полезной, но я так до сих пор не могу понять куда жаловаться если качество продукции не соответствует описанию!?
I think it is too easy to pay from the account without safety precautions/verification if someone logges on to my account
NO
PRO: Hope that we can still file for refund if we did not receive the products or we received defective products  CON: the process takes too long & the supplier needs to approve it. most of the time suppliers dont want to refund even if its their mistake
iam satisfied,
Perfekt
Order Placement (writing orders, managing orders, good
Small amounts / value are ok.
Easy to use, safe and secure.
Gives me confidence to make purchases knowing i am covered.
We ordered thru a trade assurance company and still have not received our product.
We have difficulties to find the receipt after payment in one pdf file
I would recommend trade assurance to other people I would just let them know that there is a transaction fee
It is a tool that helps you undertake safely, because your money is protected. It is reliable, at least they have helped me when I have had problems to get my money back.
Se encuentra muchas alternativas
Phone APP scuks, i can't receive or send the message without delay.
I will recommend Alibaba, make things easer and safe to do business.
Seller always keeps on modifying the contract. Very bad experience.
Very safe and trustworthy site.
n/a
Safety and Transparency
I dont know it
It was really reliable
The Assurance is useless!
Tengo una compra pendiente por US 1097,68 aun no me envían el Commercial Invoice  y el producto no llega, me cobraron  US 300 por despacho rapido de 10 dias , ya son 3 meses y aun no tengo nada.
I would recommend because it gives peace of mind knowing that
took to long to get the order in
Because it's a good place to shop and it's safe
As of now it's the only site of it's kind that I know of and I feel trusted using it.
They would be in competition with me.
the respond i get from the factories is too slow
No happy
I recommend trade assurances because it is an additional guarantee
Very easy access of products in one place. And money protection guarantee.
VELOCITY RESPONSE
Efficiency in resposes, orders promptly. Great communication.
Was very easy to use
so okeeeeh
reliable
Simple and really necessary Alibaba function as a JUDGE betwen traders, giving you the most important Real Companies, Real Business, Real Security.
no
The best security for trading operations
ver;y good
Many fees have to be paid
Peace of mind
Becuase I want to shop and then sell to my clients
I would
Paid for an order and never received the full order.
It permit to track the order and also protect the integrity of all transactions
Very easy to use, lots of cool items.
never received goods and seller wont help me get refund, refund is request is not easily found on website
Emma Wang is absolutely awesome.  She has made ordering with Alibaba seamless.  She is very pleasant, kind, patient and understanding.  She is the reason I'm reordering with Alibaba.
pienso que los compradores tenemos respaldo de la plataforma para las compras pero no le doy 10 puntos porque hay muchos vendedores que no contestan, muchos vendedores que no cotizan y muchos vendedores que no me envian a Bogotá, Colombia.
It is very difficult to find a really great suppler with prices that make sense.
There has been no easy way to deal with this problem.  foreign language barrier.I was very clear that this purchase needed to include a second laser tube as a back up, It is in the notes between Jacky Zhang(saleman) and myself through messenger.There is Zero paperwork with my order NO parts list or assembly instructions - I was sent an empty flash drive????
very good platform to buy
ok
ok
Easy to handle and friendly contacts so far.
It gives me a bit of peace of mind with larger orders but the seller can still have a lot of control from what I understand.
DIDN'T GET NOTIFICATION OF TIME CRITICAL MESSAGE ON LAPTOP. NOTHING WENT TO MY MOBILE. I WAS IN BED FOR OVER 3 WEEKS AFTER AN ACCIDENT THAT HAS LEFT ME WITH SEVERAL PULMONARY EMBOLISMS IN BOTH LUNGS. PLUS OTHER INJURIES SO CANT MOVE OR USE LEFT SIDE. SO WOULD STRUGGLE WITH PHONE NEVERMIND A LAPTOP.3 DAYS WAS GIVEN TO REPLY TO A MESSAGE I DIDNT KNOW WAS THERE. SHOULD HAVE BEEN NOITIFIED THROUGH ALIBABA APP OR TEXT OR EMAIL. NO MESSAGE/NOTIFICATION, ONLY NOTIFICATION THROUGH ALIBABA FULL VERSION.IM DISGUSTED THIS HAS CONVENIENTLY CLOSED THE CASE?? WHAT ABOUT ALL THE PHOTOS I SENT?
The service is fast, safe, and easy to use.
I could not specify
its good to improve communications
I would recommend so that all buyers have assurance to get good quality products from suppliers who trade in Alibaba
Variety of products and customisation
WORTHLESS YOU STILL PROTECT FRAUDSTERS ON YOUR PLATFORM LIKE 10 YEARS AGO WHEN I JOINED....... SHIPPING FORWARDER ON YOUR PLATFORM HAS MY $3000 BIKE..... AND YOU WONT DO ANYTHING.... DISPITE ME HAVING ALL THE PROOFS HE HAS IT AND HIM ADMITING MANY TIMES AND SENDING ME PICS.
1) I am not very confident about when the product ordered will arrive.2) The cost I expended is greatly more than the one I estimated.3) There is a real problem when it comes to find a shipper with an acceptable cost.
No Assurance.
We reside in another country. The Trade Assurance only guraantees us until delivery to our warehouse in Chian, which at that point, we cannot say yet whether the package is really good. We need to wait until it arrived in our warehouse in our country before we can really comment on the package, but it is too late
Trade assurance has been completed before I received the ordered product. It has been completed without my involement. There is no point of existance in such Trade Assurance. It does nothing.
inconvenient personal account interface. I do not like that new windows are constantly opening
Length of time to arrive
It was not clear how the process works.It would be good to have someone guiding us when we first start using alibaba to explain why it is wise to use the trade assurance. We have had one order that went badly on alibaba where the product was faulty. The supplier didnt really care. We lost $20,000.
saya merekomendasikan karena banyak supplier dengan barang-barang berkulitas dan harga terjangkau
As  Arabic speakerPlease Arabize the Arabic interface in a professional way and do not use translation programs because they are not accurate and cannot explain the product in a good way
"Trade Assurance Service" iscriminal stealing!!! Where is my refund????
simple, user friendly
You can buy the product without concerns
THERE ARE FAKE SELLERS ON ALIBABA ... WHO ARE READY TO CHEAT ....THERE ACTIVITIES SEEM SUSPICIOUS ... MOREOVER THERE ARE SOME SELLERS ...WHO ARE OVERCHARGING SHIPPING FEES THERE ARE SOME SELLERS WHO OVERCHARGE IN THE NAME OF QUALITY THERE ARE SOME SELLERS WHO DELAY THE SHIPPING TOOO MUCH AND TAKE THE PAYMENT IN ADVANCE
I am not really concerned about having this insurance. I have to trust the supplier. I EXPECT that Alibaba will carefully check suppliers that have been trading for some years and that if they are verified they are a real company that will be honesty.
Because my trade assurance ended before i even got my order. The transaction isn't complete.
I think currently the operations are more supplier favorable and to grow Alibaba the consumer must be highly factored in places like Africa Amazon has not captured the market and Africa is the 2nd biggest continent so it has the market. Alibaba must make sure consumers are satisfied with product(Quality assurance) and the timely delivery of goods because time is the deciding factor in all business so if it cannot be delivered in time the consumer must be notified before transaction is carried out. My sister in the U.S also complained that Alibaba has bad delivery timing which is not good.
The Site has everything a person would wish for.
I have been treated well with all my trades and have received the expected quality of the products i have purchased - Thank you!
a must to help decrease risk
Makes ordering safer
hh
There’s a variety of products. However, communication and shipping ruin the beauty of this site.
Good resources
The page open too much windows at the same time.
for me is a very serious company,What can be recommended.
I strongly recommend Trade Assurance Services as it build trust and guarantee for both supplier and buyers.
so far I have not had any issues.
N/A
I think for trust in dealing with new vendors this service is good
Bad support and not customer friendly.
I have been lucky to have not been in a situation or any trouble with the suppliers that have made it nessecary to get help by the trade assurance.
Good products and easy to use
Very safe and easy to use
fast answers, good product
One of my orders was inaccurate. It shows as waiting to be shipped, but I received the order already. I didn't have the option to change the status to received. There needs to be better real time order status information, as well as an option for the buyer to change to the correct status if needed.I also do not like the fact that you have to let the vendor know when you have made payment. Only then will they prepare the order to ship. There should be an automatic computerized process to inform the vendor in real time when the payment has been made, so they can immediately start to process the order. I've waited a week with no information on my status, only to find out I needed to let the vendor know I've paid a week prior?? But they have my money.....This is unacceptable, and there should be a better computer system to let the vendor know without the customer having to contact them.
Good selection of items and protection for purchases.
Representative was very patient and helpful.
I trust it and it has been very convenient without each!
I think, trade assurance is the best safe way to buy .you can buy   a lot of security, and that is good.
porque cuando hacen un reembolso por error del vendedor, ustedes cobran igual la comision.
porque cuando hacen un reembolso por error del vendedor, ustedes cobran igual la comision.
It is an option I do not use.
Transactions are safe
Easy and quick L/C-type of deal
I've needed to use it on one purchase so far, at it was nearly impossible to use. INFURIATING user experience and I ultimately spent exponentially more time attempting to file my claim than the claim was worth.
safety business
There is no security for buyers.Sellers say if customers are unhappy they simply need to return item and get refund but sellers make it hard for customers to get refund.I dont trust alibaba and i don't trust the vendors as they all lie
ok very well
Scam
The sellers are very attentive and are able and almost forced to remain professional and stay in communication with the buyers.
The trade assurance offer is very helpful when dealing with companies we have no history with. Knowing that trade assurance is there to protect the customer, is very helpful in placing the first order.
Well, if I would recommend alibaba, I would only make an improvement when it comes to acting when there is a dispute over quality issues of the product sent to us, the buyers.
Well, if I would recommend alibaba, I would only make an improvement when it comes to acting when there is a dispute over quality issues of the product sent to us, the buyers.
Well, if I would recommend alibaba, I would only make an improvement when it comes to acting when there is a dispute over quality issues of the product sent to us, the buyers.
I would recommend it, especially when you are new to the portal and doing business with new companies.
safe
My order is pending for last 3-4 weeks, delivered to wrong address, trying to reach them but no update
trade assurance is mediator between buyer and seller in case of disputes with product and it assure buyer that he is safe to deal with seller to get the right product.
Length of time in order to get  money back, even with plenty of evidance. The buyer should always be the one who is correct. The supplier can choose not to do business with buyers.
Questions are answered in a timely manner, I like the trade assurance to ensure I receive my products.  Communication is good and follow up is easy.
The supplier cheated and send me poor quality and damaged products. Alibaba did nothing about it and supported the supplierI will not longer buy from alibaba
I'd like to have payment system via PayPal.
not availabl
Trade Assurance Service does not protect the customer and is not easy for the customer at all. Trade Assurance Service protects the seller and Alibaba's lack of timely customer service for customers dealing with Trade Assurance issues proves this isn't for customers.
Because it's safe and fast
suoer
I'm not really sure if its worth it. There aren't enough benefits for the amount of money it costs.
SDAS
is safe to pay and wait-(wait the for the products)
It is Reliable place to find what you are looking for.
i ordered set of molds worth 55,000$ with trade assurance and third party inspection. the supplier sent me molds with fitment and sizes issue. i want to apply for refund. please help me solve this problem.
It's easy and gives a great overview.
it is to difficult to request refund. it appears that the only page that doesn't work is the refund page
thanks
Na nothing to add
my satsfaction
It is safe
I have not had to use the Trade Assurance yet but I feel more secure in ordering knowing its from a trade assured seller.
Dont understand it
It's convenient to seek the products and develop the supplier. Useful to sourcing department.
no
You are able to find the products you are looking for, reliable sellers, and with the support of Trade Assurance you are confident you will have the support of Alibaba.
no
Dispute process is flawed and heavily back chinese suppliers. There is no fair process for disputes
Helps weed out fraudulent sellers.
Because it gives me the confidence that I would make a real deal
is secure
many do not have export license, this is a problem , and then they do not release the order so we cannot have the goods in our country.. sorry too much of a hasle...
I would hesitate to recommend as the suppliers here have a lot of room to cheat buyers like us. They hold our parcels and simply increase prices and if we disagree, there's no proper medium to manage our problems.
N/A
I think Trade Assurance is a very important service because it can provide peace of mind especially when dealing with suppliers in different countries that you have never done business with before.
In general I am very happy with Alibaba, the only negative point is that sometimes I get unsolicited contacts from companies
Would recommend. Easy to use. Appreciate the secure payment environment.
You released funds to the Seller weeks before the goods even arrived here.
good.
Too difficult to try and make a review or a complaint.
Safe, reliable, fast.
Precise, on time, follow up until delivery is done! Thank you
I would recommend because of good quality products. Shipping on time...good customer service.
todo esta bien, hasta el momento
it doesnt work as fair
good
Suppliers are professional and very helpful
Have been scammed by alibaba seller and i was never compensated by Alibaba even after claiming buyers are protected. It is not my fault alibaba accounts are hacked leaving use venerable buyers are risk of losing thousand of dollars.  Alibab should take full responsibility of scammers and hackers. It is your platform so proteect us buyers. Also sellers on here do not offer quality product and are dishonest.
I need to stay competitive so I don't want to give out many of my secrets
The site is easy to navigate and the manufacturing is impeccable 90% of the time.
I wouldn't trade the service because I find exactly what need here affordable prices for product I'm looking for all in one great service also contact is great as well as conversation
I use ALibaba all the time. I don't have a recommendation about whether or not to use it.
good
awsome best
The site seems to have a few bugs when trying to send inquiries. Sometimes it will not let me submit my inquiry. Could it be the browser? I'm currently using firefox.
Sometimes MOQ are different
Reliable.
SAFE
I haven't had any issue that required me to use the Trade Assurance Service, so I don't feel like I can honestly rate it highly, but it is definitely reassuring to know that it exists. I have had several questionable or negative experiences buying similar products through other sales platforms or working directly with vendors, includes purchases that were never delivered. But all of the vendors I have worked with on Alibaba have delivered perfectly. I doubt that perfect track record is a coincidence, since Alibaba can hold them accountable - unlike other sales platforms I have used.
Some sellers are big liars and scams and Alibaba covers them
I recomend because the service is very reliable
electronic
for protection and more trust
Safe feeling and great service!
insurrance
It offers some security and piece of mind for ordering products from overseas.
I did so far 4 orders in this month  I was new to order in Alibaba so I took the risk and happy now .  I just received my first order and it was great.   great service,  great time .  they deliver what they promised. i am waiting for my other 3 orders....  hope I had the same experience.     Mirna
Great is ok this web
i would. but i will tell them most of the suppliers are not honest. they hide information's that they suppose to share. and they advertise the wrong prices all the time. all they care about is the sales. they don't care about anything else.
because it is good and easy
My order did not arrive
for safety reasons i always recommend trade assurance.
I will never recommend Alibaba and will make sure to tell everyone I know who is thinking of using Alibaba of the horror I just went through.
The service I received was always in a timely matter. Adeline was GREAT to work with and looking forward to more interaction and her assistants on more items.
no resolve on shipment
ease of use, relevance of vendors, search return set relevance
easy to find the supplier the things that i need
Its a very safety comfortable page
Have not had to use it yet so don't know how reliable it is.
easy and secure
I agree
I feel secure ordering knowing that I have protection if something goes wrong.
transactions are smooth and made securely.
Everything is fast and I have never had any problem with the purchases on Alibaba
Trade asssurance automatically confirm order within 30 days even if it is not yet received. ny order was delayed for 2 months due to suppliers negligence. Ordered August 19, 2020 and it just arrived today. They did not stick the label that must be stuck on the box. I have paid penalty for it. Now it arrived and mostly damage items. I cannot refund nor file complaint because it was automatically set to offline order since i was not able to give feedback. How can i give feedback if i did not receive yet the items??
Glad to cooperate with your company！
Easy to start and complete transactions.
It made it easy to buy with ease!
The pandemic has been at the center of various countries instituting lock-downs. Such lock-downs has resulted in logistical delays, which were not within the purview of the supplier or the purchaser. However, we could only extend the time for delivery of the items by 15 days each. Both parties were willing to extend the receiving time even longer is Alibaba's system allowed for the same. Our request for assistance from Alibaba's team only reviewed that no extensions could be granted beyond the 15 days period each. The extended time did not allow for the purchaser to receive the goods on-time and verify compliance with the specifications prior to the funds being released. Alibaba's system must allow for some degree of flexibility in such circumstances.
I've been waiting for my products for over 5 months, yet I have not received these products. I was told I will receive the products within 30 days of purchase
secure reliable transaction.
It is secured and really trustworthy. I feel safe using it.
I would
Not looking into the issues in deep and once the 30 days has pass you are unprotected and still not have recive your order
delay
I have not used the assurance yet
Alibaba has everything except it needs a better rating system for products as well as suppliers. If you want more of the market from the USA, you need to give people assurance that what they are buying is actually legit. So a rating system for sellers and the actual goods would be very nice!
I did not received my full amount of refund
It seem to be useless.
May bueno en todo
Trade assurance makes sure you don't have to worry if something goes wrong with:*The timing of delivery*Product quality*The payment security is very relax!It can be very useful especially with new suppliers, because it gives you an "extra" layer of comfort. But I wonder how quickly they give a FULL refund, Alibaba should be more clear about what you need in terms of "proof" to claim the trade assurance. Also one of the reason what I don't like is that you need to keep the communication on the alibaba platform. Of course I understand the reason but the "message center" is far from optimal, it's one of the most used components that you will use and it is still pretty ok....Please starting investing more time in your message center come on Alibaba you can do better ;).
safety
safetyness
fast response with genuine suppliers
Because it is safe and quick
I would recommend Trade Assurance as it makes business and ordering very easy.
Security of the transaction when the reliability of the partners is not known.
Trade assurance does not help in eliminating lower rating suppliers.
There is a large variety of different articles
NA
There is no way around it, this insurance is the main reason for using a platform.
I feel safe because The protection alibaba gave to me. It easy to complaint and it was FAST in the process.
I AM CURRENTLY HAVING AN ISSUE WITH AN ORDER THAT WAS SUPPOSE TO BE DELIVERED, BUT WASNT... UNTIL THE ISSUE IS SQUARED AWAY I CANT REALLY RATE IT
As the shipping time for products by sea is very long, trade assurance could have a longer time, more than 30 days. About 120 days.
I would recommend because it's safe
I like the guarantee that my money is safe when dealing with suppliers I can't meet face to face.
no
The security of having your funds protected is very reassuring.
Fortunately, I have not had to dispute anything yet. My only hesitation would be that, since I haven't used the dispute resolution, I don't know how strongly you stand behind it.
Because Alibaba doe NOT protect the buyers.
Very nice to have that level of confidence in every transaction.
haven't received any items yet from supplier to know but i like the assurance it provides the buyer.
I like their interface and how easily you can filter out suppliers through the 'Verified Suppliers' and 'Trade Assurance'
Some parts of the ordering process are a little confusing, but I worked my way through it.
Ordering process is fast, easy and secured, especially for international business
I recently placed an order with a merchant through Alibaba and I still haven't received my products. It has been over a month and I haven't gotten any package.
very happy with service
Very seriousCongratulations
Because I offer a guarantee in the event of receiving a damaged or defective product.
none
i will recommend
Easy to use. Convenient platform.
I love Alibaba
I had problems with the conversion rate, despite having blocked the rate, my supplier was not given all the money
i paid for an order. it was NOT delivered in full. 1400 bags are missing. THEY KNOW IT. there is no evidence to download so you just dismissed me. FUCK YOU. fix your site. im telling everyone i can in USA to say fuck you to you also. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK or deliver what i paid for. Im going to my bank to file a fraud case against you and they can sue you.
n/a
feel safe about buying products
Security
variety but the shipping length could improve
is very good service who protect us as buyers
honesty and speed of order processing and support
1 - Trusted and strong business platform2 - Trusted suppliers, and professionals3 - Easy Payment (alipay) and much more ...
Not much experiences yet. But it brings more reliable image.
my problem still pending
I made a purchase that the seller stole my money and Alibaba didn’t do anything to pay me or get the money back. I have a feeling that this sellers choose the platform because they know that they will get away with it. I do most of my business outside of Alibaba with only sellers that accepts PayPal now. There’s no fee for me and I am very protected. I use Alibaba when I can find what is needed on the other platform and just to check market rate.
It protects you in an uncertain online world
I like trade assurance because the product will arrive safely.
My recent experience where I got my full refund on cancelled order due to supplier's fault.
Its reliable - so I will recommend
I will recommend it because it is smooth transaction and secure
Very easy to deal with and very happy with the service.
Trade assurance safe my rights.
Its safer and for protection of boyh buyers and sellers
It is good because it helps to track your product
perfect
A supplier had problems with customs and promised a refund before changing her mind after I reported her promise to Alibaba trade assurance. Despite providing screen shots of the supplier's promise, I was forced to go through with an unsatisfactory transaction.
I am happy with the service.  When there is a mistake in Supplier understanding and me; Alibaba steps in and resolves the issue and if it is me that is right and mfg. wrong on quality, I get a refund.thanks to you.
Good service  prompt on time
Doesn't cover misleading product descriptions
You can always find reliable testers, except for some exceptions, you have to be very careful with the rating that Alibaba gives, it depends on the cost of some products, if they are very low, you can be suspicious.
Very effective in choosing suppliers and manufacturers based on the trade asssurance. Helps to feel a sense of security and trust,
because i did not receive my order to date
Seller issues with poor quality items
.
cant trust all the suppliers, caught some in a lie of what they do.
in trade assurance our payment is safe because if any issue we receive from supplier so we can claim.
Companies that post a price but that price is unattainable. We call it a bait and switch in America. Post $100 when there real price is $250.
High assurance for buyer.
I have on problems so far
I will recommend it because it is an excellent platform that connects China to other countries for trade
problem with custom documents, sender sent the wrong document not corresponding to the parcel.need to be more strict on this point.
Service is great. Awesome vendor response time. Products were perfect.
Today I received an email, telling that my order is considered complete. It is not, in Fact. The shipping is stuck since September 22nd. THe tracking information in Alibaba shows it, too. So, how can my order be complete?
The trade assurance is crap. Alibaba said the order is completed when there is a proof that it has not been delivered. No option for the buyer to request for extension of delivery time.
If it protects my orders completely, that is good. However, I am always concerned about shipping being an issue.
trusted sellers
good fast response
So far, all transactions on Alibaba has been very successful with any hitch
It's very important for working with a new manufacturer to protect both parties.
good prices and secure payment
I will recommend trade assurance to others because it boost buyers confidence and also assure because they are not dealing with scammers.
First of all, I trust their company very much, accept customization, fast delivery, efficient and better quality. I have bought several times and hope to keep it
Great service and I feel it's very safe and secure.
No help from alibaba service. I pay money for the ordered product, the product does not come and I do not get a refund. It's about $ 100. They're looking for proof. What proof can I give.
System works well
dealing with professional business personnel. fast and secure infprmatiom and payment.
conveninet and the supplier is very integrity and good quality.
Trade Assurance is not available to some sellers. For example, a Vietnamese seller told me I cannot pay on Alibaba platform. Trade Assurance is not applicable to Vietnamese seller. This is not nice.
no risk to trade by trade assurance
GOOD
I like this website
I RECOMMEND USING TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE.
good and reliable service
no problems
i have not been assisted so I cant rank something I dont know.
there are many options of everything you need
MORE REVIEWS FROM VENDORS WOULD BE HELPFUL.WHEN GETTING PRODUCT THAT DOESNT MATCH RECEIVING COMPENSATION BACK
poor customer service
i like this service, its fast and very secure
I think it is already very very safe to trade international with companies like Alibaba and Aliexpress. I have got she same feeling tading with both of this companies. I feel confident and safe.
EXCELENT
because, i want my money, one person not give me my money
ok
My order is been over 2 months and impossible to get it to deliver to me...
It provides a higher level of certainty with orders which is very good for planning.
It is a great marketplace to meet sellers and source goods.
is more safety and effective
all of my experiences have been good so far.
no reason
Very Confusing to use, and my order was processed when I did not hit submit and now I can't find where to cancel it.
Secure for first time buyer,simple and efficient .
Didn't received the product and no refund plus no support.
I have had great communication with suppliers and have been able to see the different products and prices offered on products that I want to purchase.
no
I like Trade Assurance and the feeling of safety it provides.
not right now
I would recommend because the pricing is good
there is no specific reason, the main issue is communication about it ..
i would recommend it for protection of your money.
Perfect Support. Will order more here
i would recommend but shipping is too much and shipment takes too long
because you always protect the sellers but you don't care about your customers, i  have been scammed 2 times but Assurance didnt protect me.
Very straight forward I have not found any problems so far while using my first 2 months
Easy to use. Would like more information on the suppliers such as any trade assurance disputes.
too may bad businesses wont accept payment or orders through alibaba and i have lost too much money
is save for business ... have a good service when there is any dispute
i would recomend it, its safer for me to buy whith it.
very prompt service and reasonable prices
I have not used this service yet, so I don't know anything about it.  I like the idea, though!
Some providers do not respond quickly
Because I am extremely upset with my experience on Ali Baba
The only things I would not recommend for is sometimes it takes to long for shipping. When I'm purchasing it doesn't say an item is out of stock until I pay and shipping is higher than the items. If I'm a repeat customer I don't want a $3 off coupon I would rather have a discount on shipping. Especially if I keep shopping with the same supplier.
Cheap Price
The warranty service does not work. it is obsolete. I just received a product that doesn't work and I asked for a guarantee refund and they didn't give me anything. Alibaba is one of the scammers selling faulty products.
i find it very easy to use and is very helpful with dealings
Very good service , never had complications with it.
good service
Peace of mind
Find best and reliable suppliers all over the world!
excellent
.
For getting sample it is not logical, but if we go for production we will. If we did not get sample that is not business we will work with.
seems to be a good guarantee that the product will come or you can get a refund.
Very thurough
Very good!
It is a very efficient supplier contact platform, the shipping and security management are qualities that I liked. I congratulate you. Thank you very much.
Me garantiza la devolucion de mi dinero, cuando haya un vendedor que no cumpla con su trato.
Wide range of suppliers and easy to message companies
Well, I recommend to use this service of Alibaba
We have no problems so far with this service. WIthout it, we didn't know what we will receive!!
Because at the other end of the computer wire real human always ready to help.
Guarantee your investment, and you can negotiate with the factories with confidence.
SUPER
When I encounter a problem or oppression and the likeI ask you to have a more accessible electronic customer service.An organized email address, through which you can be contacted. Just like UPS.Contact her via email along with a serial number for the same issue.
Feeling safe to use being a foreigner.
security
compared to DHgate, it is complicated to know the right price shipping included. on top,  when you have an issue (that I had with Tim Vivian  / Edge Beauty Supplier)... there is no help from Alibaba. The "dishonests" are welcome on your plateform unfortunately.
Some descriptions are deceiving or inadequate leading to issues
best service
Time delay for receiving was very long. I was not happy with long wait. Almost 3 months to receive product from time I paid for it. But quality was good except packing was very damaged because carrier damaged with forklift. Lucky nothing was serious damaged.Still, I would recommend buying through Alibaba. Using Trade Assurance is good.
Waste of time and money
My experience so far with the suppliers on Alibaba have been amazing. I originally started with Alliexpress and was very displeased with a lot of different things with them.
I was scammed on your website by a supplier you guys approved to do business with and I was not refunded the money I spent on items I did not receive.
I would recommend it. It is very convenient and easy. Works without any problems.
my reasons are not far fetched
satisfied.
Took too long and the help was useless
Secure gateway for the payment
Very simple to use. I like the updates on each stage of the process of purchasing. Makes doing business very efficient.
very easy and reliable people to work wit make my life easier
It provides peace of mind for buyers who are generally parting with a lot of money over long distances without meeting their business partners face to face and relying on the usual body language cues.
customer service very bad
It is safe
Experience as a new customer has been extremely negative. 1) I did not receive goods or refund from first supplier - and they are still selling on Alibaba2) The system to report problems with suppliers is not quick or user-friendly3) Suppliers are using pandemic for long delays or non delivery4) Your system still marks orders as 'complete' automatically after 15 days despite the situation5) Your system still only allows supplier and receiver/customer to extend delivery once despite situation6) Your system automatically removes the 'Apply for refund' button after a limited time, despite the current situation where items are taking much longer to deliver.7) Placed a second order with a new supplier in May and still awaiting deliveryAs a result of these first two experiences, (1) have not received sample products, (2) have not been able to find a supplier that can deliver in reasonable time so (3) have been unable to place bulk orders and start new line of business
Excellent protection,
Fast shipping and all the suppliers were very responsive.
Feel safe
I would not reccommend Alibaba to anyone. Delivery/shipping excruciating prices for quicker delivery. 2/4 orders made are wrong. no contact response from the seller. No refund for the mistake no correction of stock either. Finally, my credit card got cloned through this website and unauthorised transactions took place.
delivery time
very esy
no reason
This is the best way to purchase wholesale I've found!
Reliable service and secure
the service is reliable and the products are good
GOOD PROGRAM
I like it. It's necessary.
Long arrivals.
EVERYONE THAT I HAVE WORKED WITH HAVE BEEN VERY PATIENT AND KIND. THEY WERE VERY HELPFULL AND WILLING TO PROVIDE AND MEET MY EXPECTATIONS.
good
For me prompt responses and great customer service.
It s a secure way to make overseas business
Protection period should be longer by default
for wholesale purchases, and what is not good is that the stores end up putting a different price than the one they make known
It gives me peace of mind when ordering products.
muy bueno 100% confiable
Helped provide assurance that product would arrive.
i ALREADY PAID FOR THIS ORDER ON JUNE 15,  I WAS NOTIFIED PAYMENT HAS BEEN RECIEVED. I ALREADY RECIEVED PART OF MY ORDER FROM ANOTHER VENDOR , JUST WAITING FOR YOUR SHIPMENT
no
Limited communication from Supplier and clear direction of how Alibaba works when complete payment and awaiting shipment of product.
I was not satisfied with a supplier and open a dispute and Trade assurance service took care of it in my favor..
good service good prices and safe payments
secure
piece of mind
It gives financial protection to the buyer.
We cant find almost everything, but also there are a lot of false anouncements
feedback from other purchasers has been very good. So far I have not had any bad experiences.
Method of payment is limited. Should include American Express, Paypal, etc.
all was easy transaction seller stayed in touch
deberian de mejorar
Protects me from any defects of the products
i would recommend because i have good experiences so far!
It bring security from scams
la mercancía llego rápido.la atención de la vendedora de la empresa fue muy buena.Eetoy muy satisfecho.
i am having a problem with a shady supplier and it doesnt appear that alibaba is doing anything about it.
it offer you peace of that you will not lose your money
for me is the best :)
because its great!
I wouldn't buy if if wasn't for you
IT makes finding things easy
thank you
Thank you fast shipping and service, Excellent, hoping to purchase more. Yes, I will recommend more.
Messages from unsolicited and unmatched suppliers
A packet no arrive and Alibaba isn?t responsable
Excellent Customer Service from the Company I am working with
the service is very good because they guarantee your purchase and the way they provide you with information is very useful
I would recommend it.
Very easy, convenient and safe
It is great, but my order took more than 30 days, you guys should use 45 days.
Piece of mind
recommend.  better companies but still need much more improvement so that we do not get surprise.
because its safe shopping
Alibaba has provided multitude of direct to source manufacturers and vendors which provide an excellent quality to cost ratio.
A lot of vendors but some tell you one thing about shipping then tell you different after you purchase also defective items that we receive how do we go about getting compensated on those items?
ugiguk
Because the suppliers do not comply with the information they have published, the photographs are not real, the quality of the products is not and the MOQ are always higher than what is published
Satisfied of experience
Because everything was perfect.
Lo recomiendo a la medida en que se resuelvan mis problemas
Sorry I don't have enough information to give a clear review at this time.
is safe
Hello, i am sure with trade assurance
no reason
Nada que decir.
Too many suppliers to comb through that are not legitimate.
I ordered something and the tracking shows it being sent to the wrong address
i think its so easy
A great B2B platform.
UNTIL NOW I DONT HAVE PROBLEMS WITH MY ORDERS, I GET EXACTLY WHAT I ASKED FOR
el producto me llego tal cual esta en el pagina y sobre todo intacto
everything was done in a timely manner and contact of order.
Financial protection
Quick reflection of payments
I will always recommend Trade Assurance Service because its protects the buyers and thereby makes buying very easy and stress free. As a buyer you are assured that your money is safe.
It is securing your money . I would recommend it . Unfortunately it is not offered with most suppliers out China. so It makes a bit difficult to deal with them
Recomendo.
direct access to seller. customised order at attractive price.
Peace of mind when ordering new product from a company that you've never done business with before.
no
They trust more the supplier than the customer. They are telling you that you are lying about the poor quality of a product. Don't expect to receive a refund if the quality of your product is very poor. If you send videos or pictures, they will tell you that you did the modifications after it has arrived at home and that is your fault.
very professional
I recommend trade assurance service as it is a good way to deal with business you are sure that the stuff you order are legit.
It's been a great support.
Safety of customer goods and professional customer service.
very easy to use and gives confidence that the transaction is secure and officially recorded
all goods
didn't receive my order
I ordered a product through Trade Assurance. The product was not as advertised and I still couldn't get a refund.
Very good service
.h
It's safer.
No
Products that were delivered over ocean delivery but where ordered and paid for land delivery were delivered 2 months too late and we didnt get any recompensation! Also 22 Products were missing also here nothing
No
yes
good aftersales support
Yes, I would recommend it because it gives confidence and helps to make purchases
Quick reply seller. The opportunity to find a compromise solution.
Items are listed for a price and then when you enquire, the suppliers don't know what you are trying to buy and then starts all over again.
Safety
It give us the peace of mind our money is well invested and protected
Some vendors are rude and pushy
Variety
bad shipping timing
My order did not arrive
Very fast, good quality
I dont have reason for that
i think peopple in this paltform are very efficient and friendly
Safety
It is scary dealing with China, it is good to have a neutral party that will make sure goods are received or a refund is given.
The products are really good and the supplier gets back to you even though the timing is different.
Not great communication and never did complete the order, to receive the band in the mail.
I think a lot of these vendors don't tell the truth when it comes to shipping. I also think the images that they give to us as customers of what our out product would be is not how it always is. I remember buying 20 AirPods thinking that it would obviously come in english and my vendor placed everything in chinese. It was very upsetting because i did not order a product to be sent to a destination as America for the product to not be in english. I asked for a refund because i could not sell the all of them for the sake of my brand. That would mean if i truly want a satisfied suctomer i would have to open every package and change it and i think that is unsanitary. Or what about the time i ordered lashes for 147$ and the image they sent me  was not high quality as the image  they initially sent me, but they cared more about the lashes i cared about everything.
Alibaba is very good
HAY MAS TRANQUILIDAD PARA EL COMPRADOR Y SEGURIDAD
it's sure
i
Safe transactions and verified manufacturers
I have not received my goods
Added security is ALWAYS a deciding factor on whether or not I would trade with someone. This service is great.
no comment
works good
I love my vendor!!! Amazing!!
Love the security of knowing I'm protect!
Good services
Very good
There is a big difference between the website's lead time and the actual lead time. I would like to request correction from the company.
I like the insurance provided and quality assurance it is very important to me importing from across the Globe, Also like how fast the payments clear from my bank to the manufacturer
assurance against rude customers
service is slow
This guarantee is very important, to buy with security and tranquility.
The supplier's authority is too great.In the case of an importer, the exporter's fault or error;There is virtually no defense against Korea.Alibaba needs to be more strict with suppliers.
competition
Very Helpful & protects buyers like me
I Love the Simplicity of Alibaba. Find a Product, Find Supplier for your Product, Place a Order, Communicate with Supplier, Pay for order, Order Ship, Track Order, Order Received. Just that Simple.The Communication Process of amazing. Its just an awesome place to Furnish your Stores Needs. Infinite Supplies to Choose from.
I've had great customer service with the company I've been working with.
Peace of mind.
La garantia es un buen servicio de transacciones comerciales, pero los proveedores no especifican claramente los costos de envío, tuve que pagar doble vez al proveedor de transporte.
Advertising of products say ready for shipment, they are not in many products.
From my good experience a am real satisfied. I have not had to use it since my suppliers meet the standard quality of the product.
I have never experienced situation that required Trade Assurance Service, so i cannot rate this service.
.
safe purchasing
Cost
It is an additional security that such a recognized site offers. It's also very convenient.
I’m struggling to pay for my order using my credit card method it only shows the TT option
I recomended because you support de customer
After uploading evidence again and again, the claim was denied because you said I never responded.
It?s user friendly, the suppliers have a really good service and payment methods are accessible.
Poor service and no resolution at all. There is no buyer protection if the seller is unresponsive or not following the committed deliverables
dont have a reason not to recommend
None
IT GOOD
I received my order with in 12 days from China.
I don't really know anything about trade assurance.The company I dealt with was great, so I didn't need to use trade assurance directly.
not applicable
I bought merchandise from a supplier that has been verified by Alibaba and I have had a lot of problems, as an example: that I have never received the invoice from the company, nor completed the orders.
Its very easy to find what you search for... In 90% of shown prices on pages are fake, but you can find for good prices many of thigs for you search for... Maybe alibaba.com should insist that prices shown in pages must be respected from companies which offering goods from this platform. That will improve very much your (Alibaba) service.
Provides peace of mind.
I recommend having this Assurance because this keeps everyone involved in this business deal safe.
I have not had any issues but one.
Very handy and with trade assurance its very secure
Very satisfied with you guys creating amzing work.
I have not had resolution or clear instruction after sending in information requested 3-4 X
I love Trade Assurance Service because it ensures you of a quality product.
very easy to work with and so far great products
N/A
all types of vendors and products available.
I'm aware of it, but have not focused on or relied upon it.  It seems I have had good experiences with the suppliers and partners I have found and am engaged with through Alibaba.  On the bright side, we have been so pleased with the integrity and quality of our Alibaba-facilitated relationships, that we haven't really felt the need for Trade Assurance.  As a result, given that we have a lower perceived risk in working with our suppliers/partners, we have a lower precieved value for the insurance (or assurance).
Hithe problem is not Alibaba or your Trade Assurance Service... is the sellers, there is always a surcharge, shipping charges not according, and if you do not pay the surcharge.. well you spend time and money... and have to ask for a refound.. !! mean while the money that have to be producing... is retained !! your platform is good.. keep the great work !!
Great Service
I would recommend Trade Assurance. It gives added security.
I have submit refund around a month but it still in progress and nothing update, however i have submit the evident about supplier not send me my product order.
Very good services
None, I enjoy the Trade assurance.
The whole process was simple to complete and communication was great
Would recommend because in a way it gives us a feeling of confidence in making a purchase
Is safe
I love it
Trade dispute did not seem impartial and resolution by Alibaba was not in accordance with agreement
Provides security for the transaction
So far, the manufactures have been honest and a delight. Except One, the biggest one, is playing games with me. They quote on their page a price of $.36 to .69 per gel bead mask (Wuhan company). Then it's $1.27 and no reasonable explanation other than I was buying a 500 moq quantity which should be .69 they say it's just an estimate and I didn't buy enough, ok, I stretch the budget, then they want 750 to ship. I ask for weight and dimensions several times only to be ignored. I'm not a seasoned pro but I know enough to be able to double check their shipping pricing. It's way off. This has red flags but this is the only manufacture that I know makes this product. They are the factory. Maybe they just don't want to sell to a small seller like me, but then they should raise the moq.
It backs us up. good communication, makes me feel better about the transaction
Its very easy
you never know when you buy something half way around the world that you will get the right quality and product, so trade assurance helps keep the supplier compliant
Alibaba protects the customers through Trade Assurance
I eel calm when I used trade assurance
I am a loyal customer to Alibaba for years. I recomend Alibaba to many people but the trade assurance feature is horrible. Alibaba does not listen at all to the purchaser and I have lost alot of money on bad orders.
Last transaction with masks was a disaster. I lost 11000 US dollars in goods that never arrived on time and then had to swallow the bill because the trade insurance refused to reimburse me, despite all proves I provided. I felt the customer service was not at all involved, understanding and listening. It was obvious that I was not provided the service and the goods I bought. This is the last time I am buying big quantities through you.
it is good
Does not exist any problem to recommend this web site
I would highly recommend because of the exceptional customer service and prompt responsiveness as well. My representative has bee very professional, kind, and extremely helpful to meet my needs.
It doesn't help buyers that much compared to collected fees. The conditions don't cover lost occurred also there's no penalties applied to disqualified suppliers.
It provides another level of comfort and is reliable!
It has been easy to purchase thru this website.
It’s very good and it’s safe
I have no reason
Because of easy of use
no
i have had very good experiences with trade assurance
i like it
None. It's great, it protects customers
no
The buyer is safe using Trade assurance service. The buyer can easily apply for a refund in case the  seller does not meet up with expectation of the buyer.
none
IT's much safer to use trade assurance.
nice
I haven?t use it yet, so i can?t give a Feedback yet i realy like the idea and hope it works if i need it one day.
Because it gives you certainty about doing business across the globe.
My money is safe with trade assurance
The trade assurance make me feel confident on try buying in different companies.
You have removed ACH transfer feature. horrible business idea.
it gives me peace of mind that my order will be delievered
Chinese manufacturer does not understand English. They sent me wrong color without logo but does not try fixing the problems.
This provides businesses with some level of assurance when dealing with the suppliers.
Trade assure
I haven't tried it yet, not sure
too expensive
NO REASONS
Not had to use service
Well I dont know how I feel about it until I resolve the issue with a company that I purchased a drone from. Thye shipped me a used drone with no batteries or charger. when I first noticed it I had to waite to start a refund claim. Ther's no number to call to resolve issues.
Wonderful service so far, good quality products. Delivered timely.
There should be more protection for buyers
easy
I had a very big problem with a Chinese supplier, Sanofi Machinery, and Alibaba representative ignore all my evidences in order to sustain the supplier, even if this one lied me. You can check the claim that is on going.
I only used once and they don't approve a return product that is prohibited to sell in the united states without a permit.  I can't believe. They are robots. They don't listen.
I would recommend Alibaba, but we can always improve.
delay in despatch
fast delivery, good quality
Communication is very smooth and the app is very useful when I'm out with only my phone.
It's very secure.
It all worked well and we received the goods hassle free
The staff who are handling my case have not responded to my queries.I have an open case of more than a month and still do not have a good answer
good
Although I availed of it, it was never really used in this transaction so i have no firsthand experience with it
for first time shoppers
i have my first experience soon
Trade assurance is a safety nets for buyer and love to have a protection service.
The suppliers dodge accountability on this by not attaching specifications, etc. They also dodge accountability through lead times, etc.It needs a big revamp to make certain information of orders/agreements compulsory, and to make suppliers properly accountable for their work.
I submitted application for refund. I still don't know what the results will be. So, I just put neutral for both No. 1 and 2.
person  selling led 60 watt ulv  said if i buy 10 price is 4.95   plus freight   when he sent to me alipay  it cost 3x more
recommend
Safety and cordialitty of the sellers.
bus
because if a supplier can not fufill a order  thats already paid the buyer has to lose their processing fee and not have it returned when its not their fault the order could not be fulfilled
The reason why I do not trust alibaba commercial insurance is simple, its service does not serve in addition to being slow in the response and delaying a resolution for a long time, it is clear that despite everything I would choose to continue buying if the failure gives me the reason , lately I made a lot of important purchases and wanted to even bring entire containers using their service but unfortunately I see that their insurance is ineffective and does not guarantee anything at all, they just delay the time and surely they will never fail in my favor just because they prefer to save their Chinese nationals For this reason, the truth is that YOU HAVE BAD TRADE ASURANCE SERVICE BAD SERVICE
Because is the best
offers a good guarantee for us as customers
No comments.
Its very expensive.
I recommend trade assurance order because it's a strong commercial backnig for my transactions.
I would because of the communication and friendliness. We use again! Thanks alot.
My payment on my credit card was not going through.  No person from Alibaba would help me and the automated system was useless.  The credit card company did not even show that the charge was being put through.  Had to use alternative payment method but that sucks because the card I was trying to use was my corporate card so I had to use a different card.  Not good at all.
Fantastic service, response and quality. HIGHLY recommend to all folks in need of their service.
because it helps to have security in purchases with external suppliers
Great service in a timely fashion.
I would probably recommend to people who are not my customers.
More transparency, more information
I would not recommend Trade Assurance order because it does not guarantee buyer protection. I had a package seized by US goverment and the seller promised to refund me if i did not receive order. Alibaba denied my refund request and doesn't allowed them to be reopened upon having new evidence. This platform needs a lot of work in the customer service department.
I would because it is safe. I feel secure sending funds here.
was happy and impressed
Good communication.
Highly recommend trade assurance! You feel like someone is protecting your investment.
Alibaba doesn't refunded my money en my account bank
Ich habe nichts bekommen, es wurde mir aber das Geld abgebucht!!!Keine Ware!!!Ich m?chte mein Geld zurück haben!!!!!! Ich schreibe solange bis ich mein Geld zurück bekommen habe!!!
Sure
I am not sure all the resources are clear, meaning, I am not sure what are all the services and protections.I find the website and the app a little unfriendly or counter intuitive to use.
The vendor I purchased a ring from missed a deadline to ship but faked it as if she shipped the item on time.‘I am having hard time getting a refund now. This is an easy way for dishonest sellers to break the rules of trade assurance. It has to be stricter.
Minimum surcharge to allow the use of credit as well as allow some protection from unknown retailers.
I have a problem with the order I place on Alibaba. Hope that I can get some help from you.
Never had a problem with either the supplies or Alibaba Support. Very confident in ordering. Thank you
sorry i have any issue so far.
SUPER
No, I am not satisfied with this transaction.First, I believed that I paid for 25-DVD media plus 25-licenses keys.Second, I am very dis-satisfied with communication, as I inquired for          weeks about not being able to track my shipment.Third, AFTER MUCH AGGRAVATION (POOR communication) I found that shipping         means I could find a list in a chat room??!!Forth, NO DVD's included in this transaction.Fifth, So I paid $9.90 for a list provided in a chat room?? Yes, $4.95 on        eBay with a download link for software (media)Sixth, NO communication of any kind once I was told no shipment, no        software and I had to find the list on my own. So, NO I am not        satisfied at all!!!!!!!!!!!Seventh, Do these keys even work?????
I assumed that trade assurance would be in effect until I received my order. Your company wants to close my trade assurance order but I'm still about 3 weeks until I receive my items. When I requested more time from your support personnel, I was told I had to file a claim and that I could not extend the period covered by trade assurance. My items are still in transit and I expect to receive them so I do not want to file a claim. Trade assurance does no go if it ends before the items arrive.
Only shipping lead time
The assurance is convenient but does not replace a warranty
I appreciate having it but thankfully have not had to put it to use so do not know the process so that is why I chose what I rated.
Trade assurance should alert you when it is about to end!
Good service
Shipment 2 months late and still no responses
It made me feel safe at the time to make my purchase.
I recommend it for the reason that I feel safer
Excelent Service
i would
Peace of Mind during the whole transaction knowing the process was being monitored in a way.
I have recommended because of all the items that’s available for marketing your products.
Easy to use and giving us extra protection
Very confusing. Order placed for almost 3 months still not received. Seller keep saying has dispatched. I received no help. Very disappointed. I want my money back!
not sure yet
I tried to get help with an order that was wrong, and it was to complicated to make the seller straighten out the problem without making me do another order, so now you have to trust the seller again with more of your money to get them to fix the first problem.
The trade assurance is the MOST importat thing in all Alibaba.
no
honestly, I feel so much safer shopping on Alibaba compared to most other online places becasue of TradeAssurance!knowing that if anything goes wrong, i have protection from alibaba is great - while i have not yet needed to use this as a way to dispute a resolution, it is good to know it is there if i need it!
The seller defrauded us and Alibaba did NOT help.
I would recommend, is safe and fast
had an issue with order, your team was not helpfulGuy
removes the risk of purchasing
improve quality standards for service providers. It always hit or miss with vendors. Asa small business owner the services provided make or break my business, so any time delay as result of the vendor impacts my business significantly.
Great service.
becuase I have
trusted for your goods no worries
I recommend Trade Assurance Service for the simple reason that it insures the risk of loss of goods during delivery and also the certainty of receiving quality service from the supplier.
would
Very good, safe
Access to market, communication platform, trade assurance
Very easy to use, safe and easy to find a reliable manufacturer so far.
because is safe
The business talk was performed all well.
I have no reason to not recommend. I?m very satisfied with ALIBABA
Très simple d'utilisation et d'explication. Efficace
I would recommend it. It gives a feeling of security although I have never had an issue with an order to prove if it works.
would recommend trade assurance. Because it's a clear contract with you and your business partners.
Many are replying too slow.
RECCOMENDED
convenient and secure
extremely slow with disputes, and in most cases disputes results are very bad decisions, I will easily win the case in a court, but trade assurance is lost
no
Because it's more safe to buy something from the suppliers.
its good to have protection, and know you are dealing with trusted sellers
I find it hard to use because a lot of sections are unfamiliar to me, I'm not sure information I should filled.
/
No. Everything is well done I just think that it could have more options when you want to apply for refund, because not always it fits on the ones we can choose from.Other than this I have no complains about the services and I am very satisfied with all my transactions made thru Alibaba.
Very professional, fast and friendly. The produ
Trade assurance is a great tool that helps all of us to purchase without any issues and without any worries
Chines people always take their suppliers side and do not help buyers
none
I am not familair with it, do not fully understand its applications.
Recommend -very good quality, good price and good service.
safe, fast, reliable
Trade Assurance Service makes transactions more secured.
is very good.
Short period of time to confirm product arrival. For my case, only 15 days since supplier shipped.
When I select the site in German, I expect at least from the provider (Alibaba) that everything is described correctly in German. Also the support pages.
It's so expensive.
its easy and safe to use with low cost
Ein Super Rollstuhl und einen Super Service von Mitarbeiter Thomas
I would recommend because it gives peace of mind.
Great product and customer service. Fast shipping
user-friendly interface
always seems to be fast service and good quality products
It is quite reassuring and safe
convenient and with trade assurance,SGS,etc.
Traders have found a loop hole where they provide a false tracking number and funds get released by alibaba, I have had one experiance with it and have given a detailed summary when claiming refound. Didnot get all money back.
Very little time is given for the opportunity to start a dispute. Since some orders go more than a month.
the information provided by companies representatives in not adequate, and very poor in communication in chatting.
Majority of my shades came in without scratches
Difficult to understand
They have cheated us on their website and they do nothing to fix it, we are not going to buy more, and we are not going to recommend it to any Spanish company for their bad treatment of us. We have already spoken with the Spanish consul in China, and also with the association of Spanish industry entrepreneurs.
Its great quality items for an affordable price, shipping is currently high and could be lower but other than that its good.
I am happy with Alibaba
very fast business
I would recomend, because Alibaba has many products.
good
Company reps try to be 'slick' and you have to be careful.
I wil recomend
I have been waiting nearly 6 weeks for delivery of my items and understand that it is taking longer for freight companies to deliver at the moment. However, Alibaba has already closed off my order, despite my not receiving the stock yet. I am hoping it will still arrive and don't want to give the supplier a bad review because they have done everything they can at their end, but Most recent updateCleared and awaiting international departureWUHAN (CN)Date & time Fri 5 Jun ? 9:25pm
I havent had any issues that trade assurance hasnt been able to fix.
I have not received this order yet and "manager" Mike " promised to take care of this order as he shipped it late. He consistently made promises and per Fed-EX this order never shipped. Mike to my money and has refused to give me a refund. I will never do business with this company again. They are frauds. I escalated the issues and still never obtained a resolve. At this point I have filed a fraudulent claim  with my bank
It is full of wonderful people are happy and willing to bring your designs to life! Very great service.
In my experience, the easy way Alibaba works is the most valuable attribute. Also, in my case the seller was very kind and patient with me and took time to explain how the system works. She was very important to make me feel confident about the whole Alibaba experience.
Good supplier nice helmet for our market ,will purchase again in this shop
Seller sent false (adulterated) certificate and commercial warranty did not refund buyer money
because when i purchase somethingthe dollar to riyals exchange rate worldwide is 1$ = 3.75 SARBut when i do my purchases i get instead in alibaba1 $ = 3.82 SARCould someone contact me and tell me whats going on with this exchange rate
It is evident that there are some pages that are not reliable, I saw pages that offer computers, sticks for television as an example that they have to pay by transferring or western union with prices that cannot be real, using the Trade Assurance Service one is calm and knows that it is protected
It is very trustworthy
.
perfect service
bad control with suppliers
Everything has been smooth
fast , and good service
I am finding everything I need
It was a pleasure dealing with them. Everything from the initial order to the product is exceptional! A+ Service!!
The communication from sellers isn't very great. Due to bad english, sometimes its difficult to understand the business.
Wish shipping price was better
Trustworthy
Normal
A lot of manufacturers and suppliers in one search.
i would recommend trade assurence it is a great service and guaranteed
Ease of service and there are a lot of great options.
je le recommanderais  car  la fabrication me satisfaisante maintenant il me manque deux choses  savoir si obtiendrais a savoir si ce l'usine que le prend charge  ou l'assurance. les pièces manquantes
The price is lower than others like Ebay and Amazon, for me it is great, the lower prices help very much my business.Thanks.
very good service although shipping was delayed a little at the moment it is being lived worldwide
Suppliers post items have been received when they have not. The alibaba system is broken and there is no way to report a non received shipment
You didn't apply trade assurance for a shipment not delivered in time.
Important to ensure reliability
its so minimalis (there's no picture of the product -outside the package). So we should open the product first for knowing which product is it..
In case of a conflict or a disagreement with the supplier, there is no possibility to recover the already payed amount without suppliers prior reimbursement agreement. In the end you may risk to make a down payment for
everything I ordered was not sent to me, and the money was not returned. Waiting for alibaba's decision.
Excellant trade for businesses
Not work as describe order contract
i AM RECEIVING PRODUCTS I DO NOT WANT . THE SUPPLIERS ENGLISH IS VERY BAD AND THEY JUST SEND TO YOU THINGS WHEN I AM ONLY ASKING QUESTIONS ABOUT PRODUCT. sAME THING HAPENING WITH THIS SUPPLIER 2017 Best Selling Cosmetic Bamboo Cream Jars / Essential Oil  I JUST MADE SOME QUESTIONS AND HE DECIDE TO SEND TO ME SAMPLES, I DONT WANT AND I DONT PAY NOTHING ELSE. iT IS INSANE PAY 50$ FOR A PRODUCYT I DONT WANT AND I DIDNT ASK  TO SEND TO ME.
I think that new business associates of Alibaba should reach out and let them know about the process of returns, refund, and other related processes.
I think its very secure
Implica gran seguridad a la hora de realizar compras por Alibaba.com
i would recommend Alibaba trade assurance because i tried and is very safe
I waiting long time for money from Trade Assurance
I felt that it is a fast and safe method to pay.
for the nice customer servicer same times there are delates but is normal, the most important is the responsibility and conminment with the clients.
Having had no problems and payment has been great and products arriving on time I am happy to recommend Trade Assurance Service.
what a scam – seller shipped faulty goods and refused to replace or refund
you ingnored the fact that the advertised item shows 350mah and the report shows 200mah
I would recommend it as it is very easy and efficient to use.
The communication is very easy and safe!
Good
I have purchased product from supplier that he DID NOT COMMIT TO THE AGREEMENT. And i got damaged product and sent you a refund case with full details and photos and then the issue closed with supplier side. This is like steeling money!!
if genuine supplier & genuine shipper why i need
Highly recommend. Very easy process and user friendly.
very good
Shopping issue and no refund
Ease of use. No bureaucracy.
no reason as its important
It made the transaction safe and secure.
trade assurance is fine I've just had a few companies very hard to deal with. I just spent two weeks trying to get my design right and instead of making it how /I ask. The company started arguing with me.
find all kind supplier in one roof
easy to find what i'm looking for and to deal with the suppliers all in 1 place
because I have the best service and the best products!
Amazing services
peace of mind
transparency and security
Ease of the complete transaction from start to finish.
Please try and include more factories, many of them are traders and we dont get to see the real factories
I would recommend it because it gives you a sense of security with exchanging funds.
not much experience with it yet
excelent
I wish it covered outside of China. I wish there was more global coverage.  Ask customers to pay an escrow.
Безопасность - это главное!
Very honest written, proactive policy to address any conflicts between the vendor and the customer.
I baught
amazing service
I would recommend it because i love the quality of my purchase.  i wouldn't recommend it because it takes a while for shipment to arrive, however, it s understandable because it's international shipping.
Very professional and effective
Although, there has been great communication with some vendors as well as great relationships, when I needed Allibaba to make a fair decision on a partial refund, they let me down, I've always paid upfront and on time, I've waited a reasonable amount of time, for certain products, about 45-50 days for one order, but I knew the circumstance and it was port, very explainable, however, I paid an express fee on one order, that took 48 days ( unacceptable ), I expected Alibaba, to refund at least a portion of the shipping, regardless the circumstance, it was the seller's responsibility to have the product packaged correctly, so it could be shipped express, especially if they are charging express $$$'s, this needs to be rectified, and it probably will at my expense, not good. If I made this public it would not be good for Alibaba, with US customers at the mercy of import products.
This is a good app cause the business is real
The order should not be complete if I have not received it.
No idea  at this point.
very satisfied.
We have had a great experience from start to finish
no
Good service
na
I would not because shipping is so high aand the time it takes for the product to get location.
Because I was not asked clear Communication of my Dispute by the Agent for Alibaba. The Supplier gave me a product which I cannot use at all. I am very disappointed by this whole experience and will rather use an Import Agent to contact Suppliers on my behalf and do everything.
The suppliers are listing their items as ready to ship but they are not in stock. They put some options like colors and yet they don't have it in that different colors. Lastly, they put very low prices in their listings but when you try to buy them on that advertised price they say that it is wrong and it is not the right price. MOST of them do that and it is false advertising. Not good in business. It seems to be a norm in this selling platform.
It gives me confidence in my business by feeling protected by the platform.
O PORTAL DE NEG?CIOS ALIBABA n?o permite a organiza??o das conversa??es por oportunidades, temas, entre datas ou estados.? muito difícil organizar processos quando se estabelecem muitos contatos com diferentes fornecedores.Por outro lado o SEGURO das TRANSA??ES é injusto e parcial, n?o tem profissionais competentes para avaliar corretamente as situa??es e decide na maioria dos casos a favor das empresas Chinesas e n?o de forma justa e imparcial.
Fast response, any questions I needed answered they was there to answer in a timely manner
i would like to buy because price and compete in our markets, and would not because some buyers  not have stable price and more unsatisfied thing is too much buyers ask me to pay without alibaba and don't accept to buy in alibaba specially Laptop buyers and second hand mobile phone buyers .
I do recommend it
its very straightforword
Especially for first orders, it's important to be sure about the transaction.
Most suppliers trade in USD and not the buyer's currencies. Difficult to get suppliers to provide a demo of the products. There is no a standard protocol by suppliers to inform buyers when the ordered items will be ship out and inform the order tracking number.
Great service!
Delivery charges are high.
Because of the variety of products and manufacturers
I don't know how effective it is in the event of a dispute.
Good
I purchased three ceiling lights on a Trade Assurance Order. The light was not as specified. I tried to get the supplier to help then contacted Alibaba disputes. Alibaba disputes claim that the supplier is not Trade Assurance but every message from Alibaba refers to my trade assurance order and the supplier has the Trade Assurance logo shield on its site on Alibaba. Because there was a problem i only opened and assembled one item, there were supposed to be two lights in the other box. I just opened that box when i got the message from Alibaba that my trade assurance order was now complete because I had not acknowledged receipt. There is only one in the box so i now have lower powered lights than ordered and only two not three
your service sent me a letter that my order has completed while I have not got my goods yet
I did not receive my order
It is for the security purposes that your the items are legit and safe to order
It's very safe
Service is good and reliable so i recomend it to people.
no
Fantastic service
is ok
Service was great and delivery was fast.
La recomiendo, esta forma da confianza al comprador.
Trade Assurance should only be for business owners and not anyone else!
Its a little helpful to know that your package is protected.
I will recommend, because it sure and a good service
price
The suppliers i've worked so far have been really responsive, provide recommendations, communicate the progress, they follow up, are polite, and suggest options to help with pricing. Very awesome.
Protects my investment in buying products on Ali Baba. I do not choose suppliers who do not have Trade Assurance or deal outside AliBaba (Payment)
It gives confidence that the payment is going to a verified supplier. Also, the fees are reasonable (though could be cheaper!)
So you can get your money back if your product is damaged.
i would recommend because it makes sure that you get your merchandise
Transactions are smooth, you can communicate freely with Sellers anytime day or night. I trust that the payment methods are secure.
Я три раза покупал у Алибаба, и всегда очень огорчался. Продавцы бессовестно продают мне товар с дефектами.
because it's  easy to place orders and good quality
shipping times and issues
Cant track packages
love the service and the service of my provider
It's very valuable in making sure specific requests are followed.
I recommend because is a very good page
I have never had any problems with the merchants, which is why I would recommend TAS
Products are good and shipping is quick but postage costs are very high.
Veyr efficient and quick responses from customer service.
It had to do with the shipping company used.  I brought up the mistake that was made and nothing was done to fix it until I got the higher ups involved that anything was done.
The response time is very slow.  Also, the vendors are not held accountable for not performing due diligence.  There is a language difference and they respond saying they understand when in fact this is not the case. In return, as a purchaser, you are penalized when they clearly make promises.  Also, they are not held to shipping.  This is when they promise a product to be shipped.  They have no control of the actual shipping but they should uphold their request.  The dates in the system mean nothing and they are not held accountable.
So far, so good communication with suppliers/manufacturers and products/samples that I have received so far have been high quality.
so easy, great communication set up
I am very please with my purchase received product in short period of time. Also had the peace of mind knowing a had the backing of trade assurance service.
I had a wonderful experience with one seller who provided pictures and video upon request.On a second seller we had a rocky schedule where they would go on holiday without providing updates or notification unless prompted to do so. Second seller I place a request for pricture proofs of products before shipment as it got delayed by faulty quality production. They decided to ship without sending proofs of picture, still waiting on tracking number.
The communication with the app still has to get better, I’m having trouble paying for samples and orders. Also, and this is not Alibaba’s responsibility, suppliers don’t answer the questions you make, its kind of hard to get sincere and specific answers. But in general its really good and I would recommend it
fast and friendly service
the items we order have not an high values
They don't solve anythingg
Good communication and no problems.
I recommend the trade assurance service becouse protect the investment
The service provides a trusted platform for working with new suppliers. Having Alibaba acting as a balanced intermediary allows us to work with suppliers without worry. It also shortens time in communications and logistics for placing order.
It is convenient.
We had a dispute, and Alibaba only made things worse.
I wouldnt because its my business and I live from it. AND i need to be the only one who knows my suppliers
verry good
easy to use
I think people are more reliable when they know Alibaba.com is going to help resolve any potential misunderstandings between supplier and purchaser. I feel safer knowing Alibaba will help me if I need assistance.
is one of the reasons to avoid trips to the international trade would save time and money and everything would be digital
I would.  It is easy and relatively secure way to complete a transaction.
I will recommend because I have so far been able to locate products that I cannot find anywhere else here.Communications from Alibaba is also timely and prompt. Only hope the company will help me resolve the delivery issue I have with Order number 44274594501025504. I paid for Express delivery, but order was took one month to delivered. They also charged my receiver Custom duty which was the responsibility of Seller. The company refused to respond to several messages to clarify on the extra charge. This was my first business with Alibaba but it is not your fault
It's safer.
It is self explanatory, I am dealing with a "company" that could not be real, located at the other end of the world, paying for a "product" that could be fictitious... I just feel confident on my transaction having Trade Assurance Service backing me up! Thanks!
I recommend for it is good service
I ordered a battery for my electric bike but it has not arrived i can not get a clear answer as to where is
So far I've been very impressed with the user interface and just the Alibaba platform in general. You guys do a good job of making things easy for American buyers.
It's very useful and it gives you security for the purchase
I feel more secure with my money
It's the most secure way to buy around the world
The service is promptProducts are greatSales people have always delevered
I haven't had to file a claim (yet), but I feel safer with the service available.
Highly interactive
Recomendaria por que se encuentran todos los productos que se necesitan, a buen precio, la comunicación con los proveedores es fluida, hay herramientas para traducir al idioma que ayuda muchisimo cuando el comprador y vendedor hablan diferentes lenguajes, hay seguridad para hacer las compras y el seguimiento de la compra, la retroalimentacion etc... muy recomendado
Wide selection of wholesalers who are quick to reply and get the deal done.
Simple service and complete
I would not recommend Trade assurance because its a lie.  Trade assurance does not assure the seller meets their part of the contract as agreed.  its buyer be ware
no thank you
provide safety and assurance for e-commerce since supplier and customers never met in person.
Because goods according to order I made came to me too late. Seller promised delivery time 8-12 days. Pandemic situation was serious on the time when I made an order. We all new about it. And the delivery time was mentioned as 8-12 days.I received it in 2 months when I didn't need these goods any more.
gives us security
I would recommend trade assurance because it takes the stress away of possibly being scammed.
professional and quick service
Great service
na
very hard to deal with, don't understand, not interested in small quantities to help small business start up, don't read the messages, have to ask for same thing multiple times.
Trade assurance is definitely not what you would expect from it. When you deliver clear evidence that the product you received is not as described and lacks quality, trade assurance should help and get your money back. But no, the trade assurance team then needs YOU to pay 500$ minimum for an "inspection" at the company. So you're already 500$ in the hole, not knowing that you will get your money back. Trade assurance gives customers like us a false sense of security, and the companies that deliver faulty (quality lacking) products know this very well.
perfect services and support
very fast
I cannot recommend because until now I have not applied the guarantee, since I have not had problems in a purchase.
The 1st supplier didn't have the specific item I needed but I paid already.  The supplier agreed to give me a full refund, which I received in less than a week.The 2nd supplier had the item I wanted.  I received it within 35 days (China to US) and now, I have 30 days from Trade Assurance to make sure I'm satisfied with the item.
The only problem is shipping costs
Because my dispute and how long it taking and hard to send information to your company on your problem. no email address  and phone number
The Trade Assurance Service is not that great for a number of reasons. I had a bad supplier sell me masks recently knowing they could not deliver the product. They took my money promising they would send out in the 3 days, but this never happened. The big problem is Alibaba backs their suppliers good and bad, and there is no consequences for bad suppliers on Aliababa which allows them to keep getting away with these activities. I contacted Alibaba 3 times and never got any responses when trying to make you guys aware of this supplier and what is happening. I waited the ridiculously long duration to get my money back when it should have been refunded ASAP because product was never shipped. Next time I will just file a charge back with Alibaba and not wait the duration as this is not necessary as Alibaba kept my processing fee. Alibaba not cracking down on this kind of activity is bad business.
The recommendation is: secure payment, safe shipping and the commitment of the seller who sends the order.
Quick and easy
none
na
estoy satisfecho porque todo salio como yo esperaba , no tuve inconvenientes les agradezco y ahora seguire utilizando los proveedores de alibaba gracias
non
I would but with a nine because everything (service, shipping cost, shipping time, etc) was great. If you could calculate or tell more or less the custom tax, it would be awesome.
I have a good experience on my first purchase on a very nice and helpful supplier
good
Friendly and fast
Reliable
easy to do business
so far I have purchased smaller orders from several suppliers and it has gone well. I have gotten what I ordered and sometimes in a few days from Hong Kong.
Excellent customer service
i would recommend trade assurance  services , because its secure and efficient
shipping prices are really high
It is not 100% sure if you will get your money back, specially on big amounts
It is a very didactic and secure platform to search for suppliers
Payment issue.  I ended up having to do a wire transfer because all my credits card could not be processed even though my credit card issuers said there were no problems on their end and they think it's an issue with Alibaba transaction.
the seller very concerned to help always.always looking for a solution and solving some problem.100% recommendable
i would recommend because at least there is a assurance and no worried of the products if facing any problem in the middle of the shipping.
THE QUALITY
some providers do not answer questions
Definitely recommend Trade Assurance with ALL transactions
A great place to find suppliers
The people who I have come across with are so nice and very helpful and this website is easy to move around! Yes I would recomened this website
I Recommended Trade Assurance Service
no
It was very easy
It gives me some security but unfortunately suppliers can confirm orders - at the moment one supplier has sent me the wrong thing, we are working on sorting it but TA has gone because the supplier marked it received. I am now just hoping they do send me the correct product
ordered Thursdya
some companies have high rate and product is poor they shouldn't have high rate unless they have at least 6 excellent reviews
Easy and very convenient. Sometimes shipping takes long but it's understandable.
it is nice but the payment  % charge to use credit card is a little high
It shouldn't cost the buyer anything if it's the supplier that screws up.
It builds trust amongst the supplier and buyer
Everything worked out great.  Excellent communication and turnaround.
i have so much problem with one compagny and is hard to solve the problem
Because with this guarantee we will have more confidence in what we buy
It is difficult to really tell what you are getting until you actually see and hold it
I had not use the assurence service cause i had no problems in my order so I just can't recommend it. I hope i never had no use the assurence hahaha
I don't know what that is.
Language gap at times. I can't save favorite vendors
Good
Easy to use and very helpful
have not seen the benefit of it yet, have not had to use it. I assume that is a good thing though however.
Gives security on the order
Because it give me security
always we would recomend trade assurance services, work well and we feel more safe when we buy at companies that have this services
Payment is secure, guarantee purchase process is very good for customers
.
The seller's in Alabama has worst ethic compared to all other websites.
Honesty and transparency with products.
I would highly recommend to others, but I highly recommend them to do their own research with each vendor before purchasing.
Purchase is secure and protected
The process of ordering and shipping is too difficult for most people
No all good to me no complaint just those day during pandemic all mail very slow today after my first purchase on May still rcvd nothing
I think the fees for the transactions is very high
expensive
none
i recomend it to maintain every party right
not used
I have submitted a dispute and escalate, and stil do not have an answer from Alibaba Trade.
Trade Assurance Service of Alibaba is a joke. There is a certain period that it will be locked. Seller can wait until nearly expired or expired and then put a tracking of old case. The system will accept the tracking of old case and shows as "Delivered". Then, Trade Assurance Service will release fund. Buyer still don't get anything. Not even the real tracking number no need to mention about the package itself. It is a joke.I used to buy things from Shopee. Seller of Shopee can provide old tracking to fool the system too. However, Trade Assurance Service will not be released until the buyer release it. Well, it might not be fair to seller too. So, shopee has 15 days after delivered to release automatically if the buyer doesn't do this job.
I will
Has been a great mediator when things don't go entirely as planned
It makes my life easier :) I do not have fear when I know my goods are assured.
I recommend it because the service is very convenient and safe.
Security of transactions
N/A
SEAMLESS TRANSACTIONS
must be trade assurance
It is
More safety than direct communication and money transfers
nnotthinng
safe and easy use
Trade Assurance Service help the buyers and it will secure all the purchases.
VERY BERY BAD
Recommend trade assurance service. it is safe to buy goods on alibaba
Trade Assurance Service provides the integrity and comfort in knowing that all transactions will be monitored by a third party.  Should any issue occur during a transaction Trade Assurance will be there to support and guide the issue to resolution.
no
I lIKE Alibaba however it is difficult for us to see if when we buy the   Suppliers are exporters or  genuine manufacturers.You need to be able to  get more detailed information so that the buyers can understand exactly what kind of company they are dealing with.
Its safe to transact
It is a very efficient service.
Charges for recurring customers is way too high
Slow web
por el cumplimiento y seguridad que tienen
yes
Too many listings of the same product, customer or a new business owner would have trouble finding proper supplier at the best price due to too many duplicate listings. Some suppliers don't include shipping costs etc
good service
I recommend trade assurance service because you know all the process for your transaction until delivery
Peace of mind.
You are simply the best.
Orders inventory not correct and customer service response slow on most
excelente servicio, de primera calidad y envio muy rapido.
There is no real system for people to get there refund money without the seller being involved. There is nobody else i can talk to even when i take the steps that are avaiable.
Algunas empresas no tienen los documentos necesarios que aveces solicita aduanas, y al momento de pedirte te envían cualquier cosa. En esa parte deben mejorar, ya que se pierde tiempo y dinero
Alibaba is great business model. The services of some business are poor. Alibaba should rank those businesses with a code and drop them if the continue poor communication and timely shipping.
very easy to work with and great service
I would like do foreign affairs for the other companies if any
it is the safest way to proteect your investment
Makes orders protected. Better communication
god selection.trusted place to do business great prices
I would recommend it because I am able to keep track of my conversations and Know who is selling what product I need and be able to contact them at a later time.
Lo recomiendo para tener seguridad y certeza en los envíos
The buyer we dont have warranty with the seller
many providers take too long to respond, even others do not respond
Shippings needs improvement.
Allows me to order with confidence from new suppliers we haven't used before
Good service
There is not a reason.
so far very good
I have received quality products and everything looks of the same image on the site . Very happy
Security
me da seguridad que no me van a estafar o enga?ar.
i don't want competition
I'm more confident about all the process.
Provides reassurance and is an easy process
There are two assurance
Because refunds are effective and it's easy to apply for one
I would recommend it, because of trade tensions between U.S. and China.
So far my experience has been great as a new user and simply hope business can continue to be efficient.
The communication with the seller was and still awesome. I totally trust in the process. The product is 100% what I was looking and expecting.
It's the best, as it protects my monies as buyer in case the seller doesn't meet the requirements.
Transaction fees are too high
I would recommend it for the peace of mind it provides
We have had two orders that the product was not upto standard in fact very poor. We lodged a complaint only to find that it went against us even after supplying evidence of the products, some product were not even branded?
most of them are good not all i had some other
Validation of reputable suppliers
I have a dispute with a bad saler, that send me defective products. I hope Alibab refund my money. Because this saler have no quality products
less complicated
I haven't fully used it yet so have not yet fully experienced what it has to offer
he tenidos varios problemas con mis compras en esta aplicación como por ejemplo tengo abierto 3 reclamos los cuales no han sido resueltos he realizado muchos intento con el servicio clientes he expuestos todas las evidencia para que alibaba intervenga pero hasta el momento sin ningún resultado positivo el cual he tenido perdida de 528 dolaré de productos que me enviaron defectuoso ,productos completamente diferente a la fotos ,productos nunca enviados .
Shipping takes too long, cost too much and it’s a hit and miss with products! Some stuff are made good, some are horrible quality!
Although I haven't at the moment found the need to rely on the Trade Assurance Service but feel confident when buying products that this service is available should I come across any issues.
I do not know how easy it is to resolve a warranty conflict, who is informed, whether the manufacturer or directly to the Alibaba platform.
It seems like a guarantee for the order.
Security and warranty
Is insurance
Ease of use, clarity, warranty
i?m satisfied with the merchandise
I would definitely recommend Trade Assurance Service since it takes it to another level of business security
Transparency, delivery on point and protecting customer's interest with great security. A service to be trusted.
the service they offer is of excellent quality and provides confidence to the buyer with a clear and secure transaction
Many suppliers show one price on site but when we require price the price is deferent, very high diference.
I pay for it, but i don?t have facture.Wy?
easy to use
Accessibility
prompt and friendly service
I feel safer placing an order and also the money goes through very fast, so that the suppliers can take cation right away.
Follow up on orders
Multiple attempts to verify account & make payment. But continued headaches. Payments are pending, but suppliers can not see I paid & waiting on funds to clear.
I felt secure throughout the whole process
I would recommend.
it guarantees integrity
As a first time buyer at Alibaba I am disappointed1. Price charged is higher than the price quoted on the website2. It seems like the supplier gave incorrect information to FedEX, resulting in a 9 day delay at customs.The unit was ordered with a plug compatible with South African plug sockets
.
Communication with supplier is easy and you know if there are issues Alibaba can help.
no reason
I want to edit my refund application
Serious and secure transaction
Quick, easy, multiple currencies and payment methods.
I have not needed the service yet. But it brings peace of mind when I do make orders via alibaba and not payment through somewhere else.
the extra hidden costs
I would recommend the service. Gives the buyer some protection in case the shipment does not arrive or not the state you would expect.
Very consistent
It opens a whole new avenue of buying possibilities without the worry of being sure you get the specifications and quality that you ordered.
safety
Very Good
I ask for a revision for an order or masks, I upload all the evidence and proofs that the seller dont send the items as we agreed, and many of them come with defects too, i upload all the proofs but t didn't get a solution yet
Only because of the credit card appeal. I was denied dont know the reason. I submitted my id and picture of my credit card. Still denied. Not right.
Your recommendation and support is great. We are very happy with the transparency of the transaction from start to delivery. It was all done professionally,no need to worry about fraudulent company. The process is 100% secured.
Give us peace of mind when doing business
security ;)
We don't all details with the tracking services
Alibaba is a very good platform that connects business owners like me to suppliers based in China. It also removes the difficulty of the language barrier since the supplier's representatives are able to communicate in English.
I can not make payment online.
It's more convenient when looking for a particular resource.
This service is very useful, there is no reason not to recommend it.
Great service.
would recommend ..Always recommend using Trade Assurance - it safes you from getting scmmed and used by fake people
Never tested it
would like to recommended because it assure the money
This feature provides the user with peace of mind especially when dealing with supplier we have  not met before and who are in different countries.
no
Good professional concept ! The real know how of China!
Good for the peace of mind.
payments method
because i make some orders and i request to ship to shipping company that i deal with, then i saw in the order status items is received, but i didn't received it yet and expected time to be received after 35 days  so i am loosing my trade assurance rights.
D целом, похоже, что этот сервис полезен, но некоторые правила его работы не очевидны. Использование сервиса похоже на езду на машине, устройство которой неизвестно. Если всё хорошо - будешь доволен результатом. Если что то пойдёт не правильно - непонятно, как отреагирует сервис.
i like the trade assurance because make me feel safe about everything
My order not received. Contacted you on many occasions. No reply.Terrible service.Amazon and EBay much better and professional.
it is safe for buyers
I have not received my order.  Ordered and paid on 29 May and still not here,  Where is it?
I loved my purchase, the seller's response, and the interface to make it happen.
That looks safe and easy.But we haven't try big sums of money
Its a good place to find the right suppliers
I CAN NOT SEE MY PURCHASE HISTORY WITH MY SUPPLIER
safety purposes with your business
overall good service  and products
it is very easy, lots off options to pay and very safe!
suppliers not complying with the contract and trade assurance helps with NOTHING
Historically, they have seemed fair.
because it is of no use the seller is neither sending the products and delibrately taking time so that trade assurance windows get close you should have some look towards seller as well whether he is working properly or not. doesnt he has got som lopoles in your system which he is using with in his favour and making customer fools.
All good
shipping cost are too expensive and delivery takes too long. it shouldnt take over 30 days to receive an order. delivery to united states need to be better
good
Merchants keep getting away with delaying an issue until it expires for Trade Assurance.
possibility to fiind goods that you need
Soo serius
I have no received my refund as outlined by your Alibaba specialist. Please make SELLER provide refund.
My order was Auto Completed, but I still didnt receive any goods
N/A
Prompt attention to queries and efficient response.
I have not had any problem with my supplier yet, i am not sure how effective the scheme is.
As a first time buyer and user of Alibaba services, I have already had a bad experience. The first and foremost important is that I was robbed for $205. dollars by one of your merchants and I have not been able to get my money back. I made a purchase for strip lashes and cases from Hebei Splendid Trading Co., LTD on April 16th for $200. I chose the feature to pay with a credit/debit card which would come up to $205 for the total fee. According to your service because they could verify with my bank at 3am when I made the purchase, my card declined the several times I tried. Your merchant suggested I pay through Pay Pal and sent me a link, so I paid $210 for the service and proceeded with the order via message and closed the open order. On April 18, I was charged $205 again and when I told your merchant they claimed they didn't take it. Please do your investigation and see the transactions.
Easy to use
Purchasing is seamless. I have not had any issues. So I cant talk about resolution. I also like the fact that the site advices to communicate via the platform incase there is a need to resolve any conflict.
safe
Because I have not had an answer where the product I bought is, 60 days have passed and it is still in transit according to the shipping page.
Alibaba is still a gamble. I have 2 suppliers which never delivered goods so far and not replying.
The product has not been delivered due to lockdown in India but still you guys have marked the order as complete
I recommned it because it is safe to pay with alibaba and i trust them to secure my business work :)
the freight forwarders dont do the job corectley
xx
Its helpful that someone ensures my order other than just the sellers word.
I have not used Trade Assurance Service before
vous etes efficaces et rapides you are efficient and fast
i fill safe
I am not sure whether I will get my goods correctly or not. Supplier is only looking for profits and not looking t customer perspective.
the communication sometimes is not very clear, and they send dirty,faulty products, or less sometimes
cant track the order after shipment. I didnt get my first order for more than 22000 days now. and the tracking is not showing where is the order!!
I have been informed that the goods arrived therefore, the trade insurance paid the supplier. I could not have the option to postpound the insurance. Therefore, I paid an insurance, but I did not receive the goods.
is there any chance to review seller without placing order. some companies giving really hard time while you are talking about pricing. Different companies are giving different prices for same freight cost from same carrier. it is understandable to questioning their pricing. one company told me that ' dont worry it wont take 30 days' about est date. one company alibaba page says prices are between $ 0.25 - $0.65 but their price offer is freight $40 and 100 pcs item + freight is $140. Means each item cost is around $1. They are not giving right informtion on their alibaba page. is there any place to inform them?
DUTY TAX not mention on site, and this could be a small business killer
I asked for refund for goods that were not shipped and yet it is in process
It is a save method to do business.
Trade Assurance doesn't provide any assurance to buyers. We recently needed to dispute 2 transactions, and we thought we'd get the refund because the transactions went through trade assurance. Nope, didn't happen. I'd suggest Alibaba look at Amazon's customer service, and how they have "customer obsession" in their value.
I would recommend as it reassures the customer that the quality of the product and delivery or money back
Can be trusted
easy to use, communication is in controlled environment, and verification for suppliers is very accurate.
convenient
Services are not clearly described like PayPal does. Please check how PayPal promises its customers and constant reminders on each step a client has to do and reminders to close the deal if they are satisfied.
I would recommend trade assurance service because its good I can make the pay by credit card and cut the bank service off
Ended without asking if the product had been delivered.
System automatically assumes item/items have been received.
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service, If It's more low cost of this service.
good service and cheap
To complicated to use. Whne defects are received sellers do not refund
Trade assurance is a false sense of security. The one time I needed help from the service, Alibaba made it extremely difficult to get a refund, when the supplier built a completely different machine than what was agreed upon. You require a 3rd party to inspect costing, much more time and $. I wrote the $4K deposit off on that machine, lost the money and no machine. Would not recommend trade assurance to anyone, and many other reviewers have the same opinion.
It protects the buyer from any losses
Still waiting on order from over 1 month ago
Have the knowledge that my order is guaranteed by the trade assurance is peace of mind when doing long distance internet based trading.
Difficulty searching for need information
Suppliers use false pictures and sometimes they lie about prices.
easy to use safe to buy products.
trade assurance is one of the best service and it gives us to buy without any fear
the lady was very helpful
Some banks that I work with do not want to work with trade assurance because they have experienced risky transactions payments.
alibaba are seriouse business minded company,they are going at there job.
I'll recommend Trade Assurance to any of my business partners but it'll need to improve on some aspect such as specialized customer care that follow up with the buyer weather he has received his product or not before money is released to the seller due to the situation we have now with covid19.
I have had great experiences and horrible experiences on Alibaba but everyone is different and someone else may have only good experiences so it is worth offering.
At Alibaba, I prefer to do my business safely.
Very fast,very important to client.I mena,that you need to be here as police,becuose here are too people,who don't mean it in business.
i would because it give's the buyer a safe feeling to buy goods from somewhere you do not have directly personal contact
a easy way to start a business
Shipping fees high - havent used it yet
very pr
Poor Response. or no response.
do not like the fees Alibaba charges for making payments
Protects me from not receiving something i order.
Parce qu'ils n'attendent pas que l'on ai re?u l'achat, ils arrêtent leur assurance dans un délai qui ne corresponds pas au délai réel
To long in returning funds in some cases
Easy & Safe way to make order
The only issue I have is the time it takes to get to my store from manufacturers in China.
Trade Assurance is a reassuring safety measure on trading or making payment
easy to find
stock, comunication, speed.
secure investment
In my experience Alibaba is letting the suppliers too much flexibility. For example, I recieved malfunctioning products, and all I want, as I wrote in my dispute, was to get a refund, and I will send the products back. And an agent from Alibaba hasn't been replying for days, and has some solutions, that only benefit the supplier. Like I should wait for supplier to find another customer, and the I will send the products to the new customer (??????).
Some how protecting your deal
shipping is too much.
I like it, it provides confidence in the sale
I would recommend doing business with trade assurance service because your payments are secure
I feel I am in a safe side whenI pay through trade issurance
They give me peace of mind when placing orders. Especially when I Place an order with a Company I haven't done business with before.
I feel more comfortable when making a purchase with Trade Assurance
n/A
awesome site for wholesale items
service excellent
Convoluted system that doesn't leave time for errors in shipments to be corrected before giving feedback. Currently very disappointed as I have been left with a faulty product, yet I have no further way of chasing it up as it is marked as 'resolved' even though the action by the seller hasn't actually been done. I was wanting to bulk purchase for my business but seeing as what has happened with small test purchases and the limitations of the Trade Assurance you provide I am not likely to recommend or use this service again.
Waited for product to arrive, then it never came but still charged my card, NOT GOOD.
It worked well
I haven't used it. It sounds like a great idea.
The online payment transfer fee is too high
Security
Great communication and product!
The system for ordering is not that easy to use
Trade assurance has no human contact and also feels completely disconnected from us. I have gone to submit complaints about our suppliers and trade assurance was no longer available.
No me queda claro que cubre y que no
I am getting the products that I want in a timely manner
I would recommend  but needs improvement. the shipping types is complicated.
the cost of service is too high, but the assurance of confirming pay is a great relief.
shipping price
Because I talked to the vendors about order that are Ready To Ship and they are lying about shipping time. Someone should have told me that everything closes May1 to May 5th. My orders will not arrive on time.
excelent service
Good Seller
All good and safe
I placed an order with you, paid for it but I never received the items.I am a very sad person.Michael Mukora
I AM PISSED.  YOU CLOSED AN ORDER BECAUSE IT WAS NOT DISPUTED, BUT IT WAS NEVER SHIPPED.  THE VENDOR CHANGED THE TRACKING NUMBER 3 TIMES SO HOW DOES A TRACKING NUMBER INDICATE IT IS OKAY TO CLOSE AN ORDER AND i AM STILL WAITING FOR THE FUCKING PACKAGE?  I NEEDED MASKS AND NOW I DONT HAVE THEM, OUT OF MONEY, TIME AND NOW HAVE TO ACTUALLY GO TO THE BANK TO SHOW THEM PROOF OF WHAT YOUR SITE HAS ALLOWED TO HAPPEN??? WE ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE OUT IN THIS COVID 19 BUT NOW I HAVE TO GO TO THE BANK BECAUSE OF THIS??? i AM LETTING EVERYONE ONLINE KNOW HOW THIS SITE IS.  THIS IS THE 3RD TIME SOMEONE HAS RIPPED ME OFF.  FIRST TWO ARE MY FAULT SENDING MONEY.  I USE TRADE ASSURANCE AND STILL FEEL RIPPED OFF?? THIS SITE IS SCAM FOR CRIMINAL THIEVES IN CHINA!!!
I love trade assurance protection.
with out asking me for my final decision how can you close it as satisfied . atleaseat give me a warning saying if I dont take an action the case will will be closed
Sure. Made my business transaction easy as I was using a credit card to keep up with certain transactions and my supplier did not take credit cards.
Trade Assurance gives the best guarantee to get good that are paid for by customer.
YOU TEND TO TAKE THE SELLERS FAVOR ALL THE TIME.
There are seller who are indulged into fraudulent activities by not sending whats been ordered instead sending random stuff, it takes too forever for refund
doesnt help buyers.
it give the buyer security
Good and reliable
I am currently going through a dispute in which the quality and the agreement between myself and the supplier was not met. The trade assurance policy has not given me a refund even with evidence procided showing I did not agree to unfinished samples being sent
Because, if you have a problem like me, they doesn't listen what you say and they don't force the seller to be serious.
I never received my refund!
Very interesting product and good handling
It adds a level of confidence knowing the order is protected.
trade assurance and alibaba should create a fix  shipping cost, Because if we allowed seller to look any shipping company they can manipulate the shipping cost, there should be transparency for the shipping company. Or choices for the delivery time with respect to the cost of delivery.
it makes you feel protected. also good knowing that your goods are safe
Too many repeated results with same product from same company, which makes the searching process very time consuming.Also, prices provided by suppliers are not the real product prices. That is another negative factor that makes the product research process too time consuming.
no
dont have paypal how method of paid
Good assurance
Very easu to operate
It assures you your products
With covid19 as a new comer to import and sell trade I got my 1!st delivery within a few weeks which is great.
awful website so hard to navigare
I have not had any problems so far.
None
I bought some items that were totally broken and unusable and the seller will not refund
Trade Assurance is easy to use and to track shipment.
Great quality and great customer service!
my order take to long
I have had very positive experience doing business through alibaba.
It doesn't assure you that much. I don't feel confident.
It is more safe for payment to make a purchase according to the terms order.
because the cash unfrozen when I receive the product
N/A
Because I have had a good experience here
Trade Assurance Service is safe and wonderful great to have safety in it
It is good and reduces risk.
The communication with the seller was excellent and the shipping went fast.
its a little hard to navigate at first but once you get the hang it is good
Lot of problems on the contract and changing the terms with actual orders
Because I ask a question before to order a controller.  He told me it was what I ask for....And the controller was not what I ask for...So I am really disappoint
OK
Polecam, wszystko ok
the service was perfect
no comment
Can place orders without worrying about being scammed
As They do not investigate in the orders until the buyer starts enquiring about the things, Like if seller has not dispatched the item they should be able to contact seller and ask them to dispatch as soon as . not buyer should investigate into this.
I am really disappointed in the time it has taken to get refunds paid...when we pay, it is instant, but a refund has taken 2 weeks when there was no dispute at all with the supplier...not a fair balance
you are a cheater
Its ok... Shipping is too expensive
Doesn't refund fees when order is cancelled by supplier
Problems with suppliers
The photo of product does not always match to actual products.  Very hard  to know what is the ral product they can produce in bulk.
Excellent Service
n/a
THIS IS MY ADVANTAGE IN THE MARKET PLACE  I WOULD NOT TELL ANYONE OR I WILL LOSE THE BUSINESS
It is safe and reliable.
I felt c
Is easy to use
They Have Great and Professional customer service. The quality of there baby clothes is absolutely Gorgeous.
serios
The [process is to long and the shipping is to high.
hard to connect with sellers waiting days for reply, sellers post on other sites waaaaaaay cheaper than aliababa for unknown reasons. Youd think it would be cheaper on your site.
No reason
sizing and quality concerns
it's a good service
no comment
Good service, very nice seller, have what you need.
Shippers are not being honest with certificates and authorization to ship to the USA. Still waiting on products
Prices displayed are not often the actual price when placing order.
Excelente service.Also the supplier was very helpful  and very understanding.
High fees
it is very nice but in times like we are in now.. u guys are not giving enough time and are releasing orders that i havent even recieved yet... due to times of shipping? i havent even recieved my orders and u guys are completely them so on that end trade assurance is useless
Fast and secure payment transfer for purchases.Most importantly, if the seller does not fulfill the tasks of delivering all the necessary documents to the customs clearance, the alibaba employee gets involved quickly and forces the supplier to expedite the steps.Which doesn't suit me, because 99% of the suppliers pretend to be producers with personal factories, instead there are only apartment companies that mediate between the buyer and the factory.
Good Tracking Service
gh
Safety
I placed an order on 04/09/20 , I was told 7-10 days as of today I have not received my product.Very poor customer service.Alibaba makes it very difficult tp cancel order or receive help.I have exchanged many emails on Alibaba with the seller, as of today 04/30/20 I still have not receive package.I am an importer of other item direct with manufactures in China and I have very good communication.I am considering expanding an using Alibaba but I am very disappointed.
There are still too many suppliers on Alibaba who don't speak English or who are not legitimate and misrepresent themselves. So, unless you know your way around sourcing from China, I would not recommend it to them.
i don't have a reason.
It is a needed layer of security.
I will recommend.
I do like Alibaba because you have the most inventory sources in one place. But there are also a lot of unqualified suppliers with bad qualities of products which I had experienced and lost money for ordering them. Besides, suitable suppliers are also here. For my difficulty as a small business and new in the game, to order the large MOQ seems impossible. And these days, to be able to get potential items, most of the suppliers require big MOQ. Plus, the shipping cost and product prices went up like crazy. PS. when I received my goods, the invoices never show the same amount of money that I paid for them.
Suppliers can be difficult.
Easy to use
Quick and easy response from suppliers. Quality of products are exceptional.
Good Service
I have been mistreated by a seller when I asked for order information, the order was never sent and I need an answer
I had two claims one in which the product was never sent and the other where the company claimed to have sent but the tracking number never worked and their proof was where something was shipped to a state across the country. It took some time but I got full refunds.
transaction security
n/a
high fee
i will recommend it because its more save  and secure for order
It is easy
No comment.
Very good tool
Is very fast in responding for inconveniences and troubleshooting
Because my money is doesn't arrive.
a lot of sellers display a product and a price range and they try to sell you a different product for that price or if you want the product in the pictures the price is usually 6 times higher... very difficult to find straight and honest seller/manufacturers.
no
Some suppliers do not reply
We would not recommend to our competitors.
Good information quickly
Reliable
The shipping costs are astronomical and they change too frequently.
it has been 5 days and my package has not moved.
Would recommend
range of product is good, reply from suppliers is good, payment is secured and easy - thankyou for the support
will recommend
Everything went well once we got the idea with using Alibaba and communicating with the supplier. The goods arrived safe and quickly. Very professionally handled by the supplier.
It works to good.
I ordered 2 scooters in January to today have not yet been shipped but ask me for the feedbeck and tell me that it has been delivered !!! I still don't have the shipment traking. it is an indecency
the pay method
Its very helpful in dealing with new customers because it allows to buy with confidence of not being scumed.
The Chinese company advertises a deception price on the Alibaba page and then does not want to apply it. Says it is a mistake from Alibaba.The LANBOT company has canceled an order that we had paid for.
Always good to protect your investment.
I will only deal with suppliers who have trade assurance as was scammed by a supplier in Pakistan who did not have it.
.....
it is good for us
Nje blerje e sigurt vlen me shum se nje shitje.
i will recommend
It works. You guys do a great job.
alibaba sell product on their plataform but the seller opt out to ship away form alibaba shipping and they dont accept the credit card payment, they only wants cash money via TT
Great service
I like Alibaba but something it's very difficult to communicate with supplier because they limit the quantity of product to buy very height, so if i need to start small business it's very difficult to find product that spend low cost...
alibaba is amazing!!!
Give the option to cancel a order and not apply for a refund.
very assuring
no alibaba has good communication with buyer and supplier very easy to use
1. Some qulity poor.2. Some price it too high.3. All Transporation time wrong. All shipment delay more due more than 5 - 10 Days.
none
I would it's a great piece of mind to have.
Nothing
Very good condition of the product and especially the attention
Hello, our product was paid in March and has not left the country so far, and you are no longer interested in it (LX044315856CN), as the procedure to get my money back?
I didnt received my order.
Great communication from vendor so far.
I am having difficulties getting a refund for an order that was not shipped by the supplier.
it doesnt last long enough. sometimes issues present themselves after, say, 60 days.
It served my purposes, but I'd leave it up to them to decide.
CASCO DE RESCATE DE EMERGENCIA F2
A++++ Customer Service, thank you so much!!
I had a case, where I bought 2 Units of POS Terminals from a company, and both units had factory errors. I started to talk with provider and they send me replacement from one unit, but it took me a lot of time to reach. the provider company refused to send replacement for the second part, and during this conversations I was unable to use trade assurance service because the time for it was gone. The equipment has to have warranty at least 1 year. I bought 2 pos computers, and none of them were working after second month. I was not able to talk to support at Alibaba., because all I get is a chatbot... the provider company is making fun of me, they are sending me smiles, and other emojis. if you can help with this issue would be great. thanks,
Fast. Good. High quality.
easy communication
A trade guarantee is a must in order for me to do business with peace of mind.
Very competent sale lady with a pleasant and accommodating personality.
Great security in knowing my order will be insured.
Trade assurance will be benefit for both parties.
recommend trade assurance because it protect customer from fraud
It recommends Trade assurance because it provides security to the buyer and the manufacturer.
I ordered on the 28th March 2020 an item with one of your seller where it said in the ad 5-9 days shipping and today it is the 29th April 2020 and I still did not receive it, I applied for a refund but was denied
I BOUGHT A PRODUCT THAT STOPPED WORKING 2 DAY AFTER I INSTALLED IT. I HAVE TRIED TO GET IN TOUCH WITH YOU FOR 2 WEEKS AND YOU HAVE NOT REPLIED TO MY REQUEST.
I like that someone is there to help me if needed
It is fucking bullshit that I have to pay to have the products inspected. I clearly have photos of faulty product and still required to pay out of my pocket for a stupid inspection.
Los tramites son seguro y si hai algun riezgo estas avizado
very long livraison
Alibaba sides with the seller even when they are very very clearly in the wrong and this has cost me hundreds of dollars
Peace of mind
Although I paid with Klarna, the order still shows "Make Payment", and now I am not sure if payment has been made or not!But the money has been withdrawn from my account!
I have not gotten my products!
I have not received the product I paid for. The shipping information is showing completed. however I never received the package.
ALL is ok on ALIBABA
.
VERY GOOD
Responding fast
Because it makes the whole proces of business very clear and transparent. There is no risk involved
Trust in your bussiness.
Some prices stated are not what the seller is charging.
Because I receive my merchandise on time.
comfort with transaction
To maintain quality and trust with new suppliers
1.) Most all sites have misleading prices and you always get higher price than the range they have listed. They all say its a technical mistake. 2.) Some companies never even reply to price request. 3.) There is a large amount of scammers on here. I was just almost scammed by a guy supposably selling OEM Holosun Red Dots. If you type in Holosun his is the only one that pulls up I think. He sent lots of stuff showing his company was called Wayne's Electronics in NJ, US but there really is no way to know.
The Trade Assurance Service gave me peace of mind that I would get what I ordered and I was talking to a reputable manufacturer.
Happy with the purchase just the delivery time and the distance between here and China.
I have been waiting on orders for over 30 days. I am unable to read order tracking information. Each time I requested a refund,suppliers mentioned to continue  being patient. Suppliers should be reaching out to possible investors as a good customer service strategy just to ensure the lines of communication are open. If I still haven't received my orders purchased by Monday, I will request a refund.
It is trusted
It provide a level of assurance
very good suppliers and easy to use
Its reliable through trade assurance...I have the RFQ which is a great feature...
Becauses Alibaba seems to veru very fair to both seller and buyers
perfect
Good and prompt service.
Ali baba is not vetting the quality of sellers. I had to do a refund due to a very dishonest seller. ended up that I pay for transaction costs for items I refunded already. very unfair
no. its good
For backup and security in purchases
It was a bit challenging.  After I paid my order the rep literally sent me a offer for the original pads that I had asked for from the very first interaction.  Frustrating so my machine I got is not really what I had in mind and then once paid offered what I wanted for an additional thousand dollars...booo :(All said incredibly grateful I got my machine just fine and works like you stated.
Every time I attempted to get help with Alibaba it was always poor. Canned answers. Not responsive. You are a far way from good customer service.
Fantastic delivery from Hong Kong! Just a few days...Great
Im not sure If its just the vendors I order from but I should be able to buy multiple sizes at once
Great people to do business with and great products for great prices almost 80 percent of the time.Thank y'all !
Yes, I recommend it for the security it generates for the buyer, but even so they should be more demanding with the seller
Dear friends! Product with March Expo 7 - told. Delivery for my account. Poke = Expect ...
I stay without goods and still can't get money back.
easy
N/A
it's safety for the supplier and the client
There are other whole salers out there but i have no knowledge of them.
Excellent service
Direct contact with the producer, security of financial transactions and delivery insurance.
All perfect. Great communication
convenient and sense of security.
Supplier's quality is good and easy for communication. Safe for trading.
When cancelling a payment ou keep the payment fee! That is unfair
In the last 4-6 weeks I really had bad experience with some traders. They try no manipulate you and sometimes they are really unfriendly. The prices are not fair and they just try to rip you off.
OK for new buyer but reduce fee a bit is better
I would recommend Trade Assurance to other companies because you will protect our money we pay to Suppliers as well as make sure that we receive the correct products we ordereed.
I can assure for payment to supplier via trad assurance service
It a great way of communication and what ever is required or what is your necessity , one can easily find  on Alibaba.
The shipping price to my country algeria it's too exoensive, very expensif, you need to review for this price and thinkyou
Trade assurance is uselles, because when I receive goods, I could not change nothing. Trader always talking that all is OK and there is no possibility to change nothing.
Every consumer has a different opinion on trade assurance and try to make us pay directly to them
You provide a good service with a very wide range of products
Too confusing
It is easy to transfer funds and safe.
YOU SEND US EMAILS, WE WRITE YOU BACK AND we NEVER received any follow-up.
Automatically ended when item was not received with no option to register a complaint.
safer and more peace of mind
The site offers a secure place to trade.
It is very professional.
With the purchased I made I would not recommend trade assurance, because I applied for a refund (I did not received the goods) I contacted DHL to see what was going on with my package, I presented proof that the goods were not coming (DHL said this) and I still don't have my money back. So what's trade assurance for?
Very easy and convenient to transact.
Product and Financial Protection
It’s been over a month and still haven’t got anything not even samples
It has always worked well
Feel Safe
Dealing with China has been disappointing. Very cold hearted people that do not care about the pandemic and made any sort of extension on discounts due to it. Which is inconsiderate.
good service and good pricing. good range of products
I did not have any issues with any of my transactions while using the site.
no
The package tracking is ridiculous. I had to follow up numerous times for the tracking details to be updated. It has almost been two months and I haven't received my package as yet. Very disappointing.
Trade Assurance gives me confidence and peace of mind.
i would not recommend trade assurance because shipping is already high.
I would because it feels safer in terms of international business.
I have a dispute since 40 days ago and nobody answer me I have a dispute since 40 days ago and nobody answer me I have a dispute since 40 days ago and nobody answer me I have a dispute since 40 days ago and nobody answer me
Excellent fast and 100%
Total Support to Customers
When the supplier fails to meet the deadlines the time for them to respond is 10 days which is much too long.
Had a bad experience with Testtex order.
I like that it has step and is define by a process,  That each actor need to does there part
Perfect and secure!
It is very safe
Not used yet and you can only the service if you used it
because you ensure that your purchase will arrive
...
The website can be hard to navigate because of the endless pop up windows.
Easy and has details of all products
Purchases two heat presses, neither came with the right power cord. Wants to band aide the problem with an adapter, not up to building codes. Offered to refund some money, cancelled claim with their word of helping me find the right cord,,still waiting
they protect the buyer and I have a major problem
It is trustworthy
Fake products!!!
I recommended usage of Assurance Services . Even I don't have bad expirience till now with alibaba's seller I think is helpful.
Its very complicated.
the purchase guarantees are not correct.I bought many times and twice the machines had problems,When I wanted to ask for reimbursement it was not easy.I had to repair the machine myself and the company never repaid me anything and you never helped me Trade Assurance .
I was lucky to get the Supplier Judy Xu who was very kind to help me do the payment part with Alibaba or I would not have been able to purchase anything!!  Their accounts/payment software is very 'user UNFRIENDLY' and it is not pleasant to do any transactions.
you Trade Assurance is very one sided. 2 out of my three last order had a problem that wasn't created by me and you ruled with the seller.
i bought 100,000 pcs of civil face masks and paidthen i bought freight fee to Australia and paidboth payment occured directly to vendor without going in Alibaba system.then i can not go in trade assurance.Alibaba shoul force all payment to be via AlibabaThis will give a opportunity for bad guys to use Alibaba to cheat people.Then Alibaba itself will lose its reputationRight now i spended around $28,000still has not got product delivery.need protection from Alibaba
very slow shipping
Have not tried it enough.  The dollar limits can be a problem for larger transactions
no particular reason. its good.
.
The inventory is amazing!
Trade Assurance is not really an assurance. I received other design and other way of packaging and the answer was that the functionality is the same - which is not what is mention that Trade Assurance will cover. Trade Assurance should cover all the aspects, which is not true. I had 2 obvious cases, that what I received is not conformed with what I ordered and both times Alibaba took a subjective decision, in favor of the supplier - even if the supplier admitted that sent another type of package. Therefore I really don't see the advantage of Trade Assurance, when we talk about complains and the way to solve them.
I paid for my order Including shipping USD 69.50Was asked for another USD 18 for more shipping32 days later I receive information that my shipment has been destroyed and if I wanted to receive my purchased product I needed to pay another amount for shipping.I would like a complete refund USD87.50
I have ordered different goods and all came on time and god quality if i had problem it was solved ASAP with professional attitude.
There needs to be a clear communication. The order area can be confusing.
In Alibaba you can find all variety of products with competitive prices. The only limiting is the shipping arrangements, which sometimes get difficult. If Alibaba has also logistics it will be great.
maybe he will find a one trustful store to buy from
I will recommend Alibaba to my business friends because it stil easier and chepaer to order thru Alibaba. Suppliers are abundant and prices are very competitive.
Great customer service. Great product. Thank you.
ok
The service fee is quite high and I also have accounting problems as the fee does not appear on the supplier's invoice. We will need this fee to also appear there or on a separate invoice from Alibaba
Suppliers you can not trust.
It safe
I would to be safe
I have had a good experience with the suppliers I've placed orders with.
I wish that I had assigned account representative that I could easily get in touch with.
помогли очень быстро.
excelet
Shipping details on contract don't match what was agreed on with factory.
I'm not sure what it does!
The trade assurance expires too quickly before I can inspect my goods.
Quality differs among suppliers and I cannot guarantee it.
i recomended because is very secure for  buying,
Nighmere experiences. Terrible Service
no
I would recommend because give you more security.
trading company is good business
many products, many suppliers
It is very dificult to buy with obtain quote wait for response accept qoute get qoute for shipping accept quote for shipping questions about adress delivery and more.I have liechi fishing just not responding when I order they say you could order more and then cancell the quote. So it is difficult to use
Vendor did not disclose cost to send push notifications which cost $5/ month per camera
working with alibaba is more reliable and secure they guarantee order security
I love the accountability
It`s difficult when I see the same picture used as a demo with different companies, instead of showcasing a result of their past projects (i normally used printing services). I feel there are many non-trustworthy companies, it make the search longer and  difficult.
I placed 1 order of masks, that was accurate and came on time.I placed two separate orders from the same vendor. the vendor seems to be reliable. I have placed a complaint already. The UPS labels were created 4/13 and 4/17. Ali baba on advertisement said fed ex delivery. Total delivery charge to me is $160, more than the 4 yoga mats I have purchased. My orders have been sitting in warhorse apparently after getting UPS labels created and not being shipped. I keep getting told by vendor that Ali baba express shipping is delayed!!!! not good service.
na
Its very fast
Quality much better than expected. Tracking and fast shipping to the door.
I would
Felt safe
no reasons known
Trade Assurance gives me confidence that my money is safeguarded should a supplier fail to fulfill their promises.
You can make a lot of personal items on this site actually!
I wanted a full refund on product that was sent that i would not be able to sell. And i was told to accept $150 or nothing at all. Not fair at all.
The companies i have worked with have fast delivery and good products
Because i only received a small portion of my order, but yet it still closed it out, so now i'm trying to work out with the seller how to get the rest of my order. Meanwhile, they've collected all of the money for the order. That's not right, it shouldn't have closed out as complete unless all of the order shipped.
Takes long time the shipping
1) most suppliers do not follow price listed on alibaba.com2) delays on delivery after order is placed
good Service
I never received my shipment
No
For secure payment method and reliable gold suppliers.
I don't think the buyer is protected as much as they could me. A vendor sent me a item with improper labeling ( description on item for selling listed wrong. Said 10 items on front of box and said 12 items on back, they shipped the items in unreliable pvc bag that ripped during shipping at some point so not only were my items damaged, shipped incorrectly, but also a hole was found in the box and items were missing.) All that being said out of 400.00 spent we have missing items from set so now I basically can only sell 75 out of 100 items sent. And of those 75 set some have scratches and bent bristle. I opened a dispute which was no help, you gave me $50 refund but I'm out of way more than that at this point. I mean I still had to reorder all new packaging on a item I just received. This was a joke!
The supplier knew how to manipulate the system to make it look like they had shipped my goods, when no shipping had taken place. Alibaba did not have any mechanism to amend the Trade Assurance.
Missing control of Delivery time according to Incoterms 2020 (Agreed place of destination).
A lot of false advertising.
Because Assurance payment and protected
all good
I ordered stickers for a customer WEEKS ago and still have not received them. Customer is really upset and so am I.
i like alibaba .com i dont have any bad experience and i like the follow up from the costumer service
Easy and reliable networking.
recommend coz easy to use.
I would recommend Trade Assurance.
great service
no
Ordene y paque desde el pasado 3 de marzo producto y es fecha que no me llega
You ended trade insurance early. I havent yet received the goods
Supplier will provide best services under it.
My first order on Alibaba.com, after payment the seller advised me to cancel the order because a increase of the shipping fee. Now I have to wait 10 days for the resolution of this order, i do not like that to wait 10 days to get my money back at my first order
Nous avons commandé un appareil et avons réglé le montant de l'appareil et le transport . nous n'avons rien re?u et nous avons demandé l'annulation de la commande puisque le matériel n'était toujours pas expédié.L'annulation a été acceptée mais nous ne sommes toujours pas remboursé!!!du vol!
Certainly I would recommend trade service, it enables buying without concern.
Dear Sir, we faced that we made some test orders and we get very bad quality of products.Products was not the same what we ordered. we used insurance but Trade Assurance Service act as robot with the same answer.  we see that European companies are under discrimination.
a large number of defects are sold, there is no buyer protection, 2 orders with the sending goods, I have not received any refunds in full on the number of defects, the indifference of support, the indifference of the seller are the main reasons to not recommend your platform to anyone, the worst service and support !!!
It does not protect the seller and it is very slow, The system shows the will answer is 3 days, but somethimes they answer only a few weeks later, but I have to answer in 1 day or it will get canceled. It does not seems fair. + It rather protects the seller, I would think if I tell something about the deal we make about the order with the seller and the seller agrees. But later the seller breakes the deal, I could get my money back, but no they do not want you to get back any money.
too expensive, agent ask again and again additional payment for the package,,, poor service timeline,,,
None
fast response
I have my own insurance
Items were shipped to wrong address, have contacted supplier 3 times and ha e not had items replaced2
Suppliers do not take serious the new start up businesses. In addition, suppliers lie and do not provide accurate and correct information regarding the products. Trust Issue a lot exists, which makes it harder for new businesses. Our goal as a business is to provide best quality products in the right and reasonable prices not low quality products with high prices. Trade assurance does not guarantee that the supplier is good or not.
I have one case against a supplier who send me false products. I tried to complaint but being rejected because "no enough evidence" although I uploaded all the evidence already. Uploading media file is a pain in the ass with your system
safe
It would be great if the platform can generate an invoice or other documents.
I don't want recommendAlibaba to another persons. I prefer to buy by myself and resell ))
Im still waiting for my order. The person that sod it to us kept teh money and just has excuses. Alibaba should select better there dealers. It give you a bad name!!
The order did not leave China yet, the 30 days have not passed, but out of the blue I receive an email that the money has been released to the supplier. You are siding with the supplier to rob me.
NA
Not secured enough
Availability and good price
i was not happy with what i orderedthe supplier proposed to sent back 170 euro but in the weekend(during corona) we had no internet so we could not open and see the proposaland you said we are too lateplease sent us back the money like the supplier proposed
Because if supplier takes time to reply etc... then time pass and we do not get assurance anymore. so it is useless.Also you have noone replying to question when having trouble with it.
it is more safe
I try to contact support with my problem with orders but impossible to contact anybody directly.
I like the fact that I can trade with confidence.
check out with shipping include dont work. Alibaba let seller put price in shipping and buyer dont feel secure with that.
good site to shop from
platform fees too high, the supplies quote higer due to that compared to other platforms
Dealing with someone you don't know in China is always risky. This gives me some ease of mind.
I love it
I like the quality of the products as well as the reasonable prices.
2
Some companies are good at responding and some are not i ordered a product and they said it would take 5 days to get here but it took 3 weeks i don't know if i will order from them again if they cant be upfront with me,
n/a
I've heard a few terrible things about the trade insurance. Better to have your own business insurance to ensure products. I would never voluntarily tell people about the trade insurance but it is not something I possess the knowledge or experience enough to make a decision to recommend.
this is a nice B2B website
i like your service.
Is a Excellent Service.
all ok
Great service
secure transference very good
I recommend it because when someone is doing business you need to be sure that the supplier is trust able, some cases we are not able to know this info, that why I recommend it, good service from Alibaba.
Trade assurance protects the sellers and not the buyers.
the friendly service and response with the vendors
Shipping currently too unstable, takes too long.
I like all the products and the Alibaba give me trust to buy, but I would like to track my orders
Product never received .
ok
I am not sure what is trade insurance exactly. That is one question I asked but could not figure it out. My packaged arrived on time, as ordered and all went well.So please tell me what exactly is trade insurance from Alibaba view point for someone like me that is not a Walmart type company.
it easy
Still sellers are trying to play with customers in this busy time. They offer pay direct, 200pcs U$8000 sales also consider as small orders and offer no to use Ali pay and pay directly to accounts in other countries.
The reason why i would not recommend is sometimes it is very hard to get in touch with customer service for issues we have with suppliers
I would not because some of the shipping takes for ever I would because they have good stuff the reasonable prices
Transactions were clean and gained a lot of trust from dealing with these trusted suppliers knowing that my funds were secured during the course of the transaction. :)
The problem is with the seller unwillingness to take action.
Shipping is very expensive and shipping should be faster...
Several completed orders. No problems.
My issue was more with seller than trade assurance so not sure how to rate trade assurance
It?s better to have the trade assurance but some are false though
Everything was like they said :)
Satisfied overall.
Its much easier if you dont havea credit card to pay so you can go to the bank and pay automically without worrying on how else you can get your products.
Its safety and quickly
I had my email address show up on "dark web" searches after using Alibaba.
high  charge 2.9% and normally suppliers let the buyers to pay there fee ( alibaba charging the supplier ) . i recommended that 2.9% will goes down as payments high
There is no communication from the time an order is placed. THere is limited or no tracking information and no way for feedback.
the exchange rate is too high and over prices when trade insurance is used
The purchase process takes a long time. Customers have to wait for quotes and sometimes no reply with no reason.
It is assuring
Trade assurance gives security to my purchase. That is very important
Very simple and easy process.
It's secure and they protect their customers.
safe but slow
I would strongly recommend Trade Assurance Through my experience because when I filed for a refund and I submitted my claim with evidence I received my refund within 24 hours. Thanks, Alibaba
It was a good quality bags. Very clear communication.
Winnie was awesome.
Trade assurance doesn't mean anything. I received very poor quality goods that were not like samples but Alibaba didn't do anything.
I need to gain more trust.
Easy method to buy products
I have not had to use it yet so I don't know if it's good or bad.
because you are not making it available for our country Pakistan.
Trade assurance is very helpful to trust.
It's easy to use
some items the price is good, should have insurance in products..i have order items but 1 of the order i got scammed from a guy who works at Salty Rocks his name is christo chan, amount $395 dollars, unfortunately i did order outside Alibaba and he requested to pay outside Alibaba, shoulded know that was a scam .. when are you going expel those scam companies?
They did what they said they would do.
I recommend because most of the supplier are true to their word and contact their customer
My recommendation would be neutral since it is a good application to find suppliers of all types and in different countries but more and more prices are expensive, because the offer to the buyer increasingly comes from trading companies that raise prices a lot. It is more and more difficult to find competitive prices.
It is the same as other services of this type.
I am accidentally press the already receive product button without receiving the product. I ask support in chat. The officer said I could not redo the action. I have only 30 days left after press the complete button, which I still do not receive the product.
Eunice was very helpful.
Trade assurance service make every thing easier and more secured
Wonderful
quick delivery and quality is OK
it is very good
No reason.  I think alibaba Trade Assurance is good
good, except for the speed you wanted me to complete the order. With corona virus, I needed to wait a few days prior to opening my package and checking it is complete or not damaged. You did not give enough time for to check my order
Important service for safe in business, mainly with new seller
na
good service
Because of clossing my disputes without the refund for me. The seller lie to buyers shoving them false pictures  and false informations of the products and the trade assurance didnt make a requested refund and the disputes were clossed.    help me      Dispute (Case No.1005729100Order No.29583251501028865, Case No.1005725976Order No.29722586001028865, Case No.1005725971Order No.29488462001028865)
It makes business easier when you can trust seller by assurance...alibaba will have checked...
The professional service, as well as the amazing pieces they completed in the argeed upon time frame was flawless.Communication was as breese and stress free.I had absolytely no issues of any kind and plan to purchase much more from these amazing suppliers.I do recommend giving them as very serious try, you will not be disappointed
FIRST ORDERS DON'T DO TT AND NEED INSURANCE TO TRUST SUPPLIER
?
it makes you feel safe
I would recommend TAS for it's protection plan for the customer and vendor.
Some suppliers noted in shipping terms: Ship after 20(or another amount) days after FULL payment is received. The don't use INITIAL payment. They don't want to use it. It would be better if it will be possible to write "Producing finish after 20 days after INITIAL payment". That change SHIP to PRODUCING FINISHES. Then this would be better to control producing terms
It makes directly B2B business
shipping information is not accurate
Safe and reliable, many people have trusted this website.
.
Fake sellers, i bought three shipments, first shipment received different product then sample showed me. second shipment mask without box and packing. third one ten days over still not showing any movement for shipping and tracking history.about 15 seller found 500% fake people.
I like the service because it was very uncomplicated.
there is no trust, Money was suppost to be refunded to me and it has never been refunded and custmor servcie keep saying 2 more day 2 more days
They will always take the sellers side on a dispute.
One of the shipper did not ship and it was under trade assurance. but AI have still nor received the refund. I also missed out on selling the goods for a profit here. Also lost money due to the percentages paid for credit card fees. The assurance should be for cost plus all expenses.
I’m still waiting on my order Chile
Sellers are great, communication is also great, easy process, & always very satsified.
I think it's a great reliable service, I would recommend it.
No comment
Buen trato y buen servicio
The reason why we going to  recomend alibaba plataform, its beacause we felt safe, the information transmitted by alibaba website about the companies that are certified and have trade assurance made us feel safe to do business with people we do not know.Knowing the assurance value from each company and paying in the alibaba website was very important, also the 30 days protection after receiving the product also was a must.Tank you
is efficient
Ive not needed to reily on it so have no real experience of it.
Even the fact (pictures, statements) does not count VS what the supplier declare
N/A
no
I want to express my deep dissatisfaction with the way my disputes with that supplier have been handled.However, we were very unlucky that our dispute was assigned to an agent named Crystal, who openly ignored the reasons we were giving and who unreasonably lengthened the time of the dispute. on many occasions I mentioned to Agent Crystal the fact of the open violation of clause No. 6.3.1 (2) of trade assurance of Alibaba’s.To this date, after innumerable attempts to get the product shipped, this still does not happen. the supplier takes the attitude of ignoring our communications and does not give us explanations of what is happening.
I ordered a sample that was not delivered to the person indicated and Alibaba went ahead and reimbursed the supplier and I have lost everything!
I've never used it. I don't know why you are asking me questions for something I haven't used. I don't know if it costs money, I can't recommend something I don't know.
solo me extorcionaron y no me mandaron nada
how is alibaba allowing companies to sell counterfeit items on here?
I would recommend it ALWAYS as it is a secure service for buyers
Automatic "Order complete" status even though I haven't received the order yet. Lack of communication and means of communicating with suppliers.
you feel saved all the times
no me llegan los pedidos
No problems
There was a trouble with the transportation company with regard to the shipment, and the delay occurred.However, it is the minimum satisfaction because it was able to correspond with sincerity.Late delivery is a fatal injury in business, so i want you to follow it in the future.
fast and easy
Because its safe! No worries about i will be scammed or that i will get incorrect product or quality of product. Its most important.
Very positive recent experience with goods purchased using trade assurance
I'm no educated on how this trade assurance policy works frankly.  SO I GAVE I A 5 ON BOTH QUESTIONS UNTIL I READ AND FAMILIARIZE MYSELF WITH IT.
The orders that I paid in full for 3 POs where as following: Purchase Order #1   Missing 10 PPE body suits with total of about $160Purchase Order #2  Never shipped, paid in full $920 ($947 to Alibaba)Purchase Order #3  Never shipped, paid in full $374 ($386 to Alibaba)This is approximately $1493 US Dollars to be refunded.  I understand that there are politicalissues, but I paid for merchandises that was scheduled 5-7 days, it now 1 month, +, no items.
Some product take to long for shipping
The both iteam i pay dosent arrive
They were absolutely of no use at all to me.  You say shop with security of knowing your shipment will arrive timely, product will be as described and will arrive not damaged.  Lie....Lie....Lie...
When I have requested the a/c compressor, I had received quick support and not only the support but the follow up from the lady I have committed with, she was excellent replying on time to my inquiry. Thank you very much
I can not recommend because I still do not receive my packages (Check Fedex - track number):475038860787475038860798
Tutto molto chiaro e sicuro.
I will recommend
I would strongly recommend Trade Assurance Service. "Fantastic service. Item is of great quality! Quick delivery. The packaging was immensely wonderful. Item was of great quality."
no
to prevent from the not integrity suppliers
no.... I like the service
#NAME?
The website is a pain in the ass, very very confusing, and plenty of cheaters.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service, because when i had an issue, the money was returned to me promptly.  Also communications with suppliers is easy and the suppliers are rated accurately.
not too convinient
great customer service, fast shipping.. Product is good quality
did not need it
I would recommend to everyone trade assuarance service because with that your orders are protect and safe. My experience is very positive and all the time I am using trade assuarance in every order.
it is good for protection for both seller and buyer
Everything great.
Supplier is paid within 14 days even if shipment hasn't arrived yet. Better to ask the customer if the shipment has arrived before automatic payment.
Amazing Serviced,Quick and fast and easy.
good
good. I like it
The platform is difficult for multiple staff members to access as it requires 2 factor which is sent to my phone but I want other staff members to be able to access the same discussions.
Financial safety
I lost over $4000 because the vender send me the wrong color of roses and 70% of the items came damaged. the wanted me to accept the goods when I was telling them after seeing the first back the item was wrong and I didn't want it. They convinced me to accept it and then tried to find buyers to send those DAMAGED roses to other buyers and eventually just stopped responding when I kept telling them to take their stuff back and refund me
Be cause my refund issue is not solved in Nicky manner I will not recommend alibaba.com
Lack of documentation. Causes Legal and Accounting problems in Australia
The trade assurance works well but the suppliers dont send what we payed for
it allows me to make sure that the supplier is trusted and will send my order to my customer in a timely manner.
i did not receive my order and theres no follow up and also i was charged alot on shipping but the free shipping items on aliexpress arrived before this item i ordered and paid for on alibaba.now i am being hounded but numerous emails to confirm that i have received the item.I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE ITEM AND I REPEAT I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE ITEM AND I THINIK THE COMPANY WHICH TOOK ME ORDER IS SCAMMING ME AND I AM REPORTING THIS TO ALIBABA.I AM SURE THEY WANT THEIR CONFIRMATION SO THEY CAN DO AWAY WITH RESPONSIBILITY TO WHAT I DID NOT RECEIVE.THIS COMPANY IS OUT TO CHEAT CUSTOMERSI AM BEING ASKED FOR MY PHONE NUMBER BUT I AM SURE NO ONE WILL BE CALLING MEAS MOST PROBABLY THE COMPANY CHANGED NAME AND DENY CHARGES!
secure
great service
Have not used it enough yet
product as advertised, affordable, good delivery time, honest, responsive sales staff.
very safety
It makes you feel safe when purchasing from vendors.
i would recommend
did not really noticed the USAGE of it.
I can buy products from vendors with some degree of a safety net.
Paid via Credit card - account got hacked not long after. Only pay with PayPal
Communication was good and easy to deal with.
The trade assurance is the best option for us (The buyers). We can buy safely and without problems. But I think that suppliers should accept big orders with the trade assurance, because when orders are  over 30 000 usd. They do not want to accept the trade assurance, and it's a really big problem for us.
Companies will issue other people's tracking numbers in order to make it look as if the item has shipped although it has not. Over 20 days later and my order still has not shipped but because the supplier issued another persons tracking number, the order is being marked as complete. After speaking with a DHL rep, this is a fairly common practice by Alibaba suppliers
I RECOMMEND
all run smoothly
Trade Assurance gives me confidence to place orders and safeguards money paid
It gives the buyer a piece of mind. I like it
i feel safe using this service
The products described do not full fill the requirements. The trade assurance should also give if a vendor is sending samples then they must full fill requirements for which it is purchased for. There is no plenty on the vendor which is a time waste of the buyer and his research.
I would recommend it because is very easy to use and a lot of choise for everyone
safety
It help to filter good traders from the bad ones.
I am very happy using Alibaba it gives me peace of mind.
good service
Because i got scamm out of 200+ dollars and you guys didn't do anything, I didn't get my order and you guys left it like that.
Could you specify the reason why you would or would not recommend Trade Assurance Service?Please input your answer here
i recommend trade assurance service because it is our safety.
Good Service
I will recommend, although I didn’t truly understand each step of process yet, as it was my first order, but it went very well. Thanks.Apart from that DHL did not deliver to me.. I think they dropped at some other address.. somebody left the package in front of my door and it was damaged, fully open parcel and contents were visible. Although I don’t think anything was missing, still with covid days we feared contamination.
Packages still haven't arrived
i was very pleased with how fast my order was delivered. I also loved the product that I ordered. Very good quality!
it take long for delivery
Save and fast!
q
for the warranty of transaction
I have made a purchase but the device I received not what I wanted and now I have a machine that doesn't work for me.  So what do I do?
Trade Assurance is really safe! But I think a comission o $15 USD for asking for a refund is too much.
easy to use
i would like to get more facilities to pay.Like invoice installment. More time to pay
We can have more confidence in the transaction through trade assurance. I think it is a very good function especially for those who are starting a business for the first time.
There needs to be a way to "wake up" manufacturers who are not responding.  I placed valid orders with two manufacturers that failed to ship the order even though payment had been made.  Maybe Alibaba could get them to respond or kill the order instead of just allowing it to sit unattended.
The messenger is buggy. Shows not all messages.Sometimes my queries are searched. I do not see the first message I wrote.
sellers are putting different conditions than what is agreed on and the refund procedure is really hard
#NAME?
Don't really understand Trade Assurance
first respose from manufacturers
Is everything lyin, Trade
Because the trade assurance service of the Alibaba website is one of the most importance choice you should used do to this is the only way that you can confide what you will get the best products and services after you bought some thing online.
I recommend it because it't very secure, simple, fast.
The majority of suppliers are very helpful
My package has been lost !!!!!!!!!!!!! Fedex France told me " sorry about that ! "here is the fedex number 132787133596
Nobody should use alibaba Trade Assurance service. I do not receive my order yet. But Alibaba decide by itself that I am satisfied and close the file. How can someone trust this kind of organization.
I ordered and paid for a sample of a product and didn't receive package.
Very helpful, quick service, excellent product.
I would recommend it because you are safe when you pay to suppliersyou payment are somewhat protected
very trust worthy service
Alibaba's whole interface is a buggy pain in the ass. Work on the BASICS of the site working well first.
I don't like being forced to use only Google Chrome to do my transactions. I prefer Firefox browser.
Its a safe way to do business with someone you don't know and haven't seen.
great
bn
Safe
Very helpful and professional
very reliable and professional service
Secure platform gives me confidence to make purchases
I recommend it because it gives me confidence to be a type of intermediary with the store or factory that I do the shopping and if there will be a problem my money is safe.
:)
Because
fast service
Fast Trade
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service for security and peace of mind in doing business with suppliers and manufacturers
I did not say that I would not recommend
I did not receive merchandise I purchased on 1/31/2020 for $13.70. I just tried to get help in chat. Your system is too complicated to fill out. from my 1/31/2020 email. 【Notification】 Payment for your Trade Assurance order 28441534501029682 has been received. Please give me a refund of this money. Your seller ripped me off: 01/31 01/31 WWW.ALIBABA.COM DELAWARE DE $13.70 Your site is not user friendly. I use Ebay.com for example that is totally easy to understand. I can open to a purchases page with all my purhases together. If I did not receive a shipment, there is a link to the seller page and I simply send a message to Ebay and the Seller. Ypur sysetem is horrible and will never use it again if I do not get my refund.
There isn't a clear customer service culture.. unlike amazon's
m/a
I don't received the goods
N/A
i would recommend to anyone beacuse alibaba are so fast and very kindy with the costumer im so happy with alibaba and with with the company im dealing at the moment
The delivery time was double as agreed and 100 masks were missing
I would always recommend using trade assurance because it is easy to pay and is safe if there is any dispute.
i am very happy to get services from alibaba and i also satisfied
The dispute close very fast.
es rapido
It is a standardized and well proven procedure for the benefit of unexperienced and experiences customers as well.
I was very satisfied with this service. I had questions and had answers in a timely manner. I loved the fact that i was able to communicate with the supplier at any time of day, Also had accurate updates on my order. This system was very useful!!!
Friendly and fast shipping
Safety and assurance
To keep the transaction safe
Es muy fácil de encontrar todo .pero nesecito que esto pueda leerlo en espa?ol y deseo preguntar a alguien unas preguntas8
would: good pricing and productswould not: poor customer service accessibility to dispute incorrect decisions of outcome pertaining to purchase topics.
Low prices and special selection different than Ebay.
it's a security place to buy
I am for Trade Assurance Service. It is an added security and confidence for the purchase
Easier to monitor the order. The contract is issued for every order. Security in purchasing goods
Very prompt reply from vendors and they understood my clear instructions
I requested a refund on a item I paid a 50% deposit for.  The item was suppose to shipped on the 7th of April.  I contacted the seller and they told me that the factory was closed and my case would be delayed and there was only a few workers available.  I told the seller that I can't continue to wait and he refused to issue the refund.  The trade assurance window closed for the seller to respond and I STILL did not get my refund. Trade Assurance opened the window AGAIN for the seller to response and the seller FINALLY responded indicated that the factory I now open.  Your TRADE ASSURANCE is BS and it ONLY protects the Seller NOT the BUYER. The BUYERS are with make Alibaba, NOT the sellers.  If it was not for the BUYERS Alibaba would not exist.   Now the seller is saying that Alibaba NEVER told them I requested a refund.  So whom is to blame Trade Assurance or the Seller???  I say TRADE ASSURANCE as my refund should have been issued the MOMENT the seller failed to respond.
It gives you a sense of security
Reply is not perfect
Process is good. Helps with transactions and is very clear and understandable.
I ordered an inverter and received something not as ordered.The lady can hardly understand nor does she help.Her excuse is always...I do not understand.The inverter came without any documentation or specification data.This means you cannot make any connection because you cannot see where to connect battery and output device.The inverter has many more connection points but we don`t know what they are used for.Additionally the sales lady told us we need a transformer, so that means the inverter is not complete. If we cannot get any assistance (documentation) we would like to send this device back and get refunded. I would highly appreciate if you can help.Manufacturer: Shenzhen Baoan Shajing Sixian Electronic Firm /order no: 30675538001027365Payment date: Feb.28,2020 -- USD  120.00               Contact person was:  Ted ZhouOrder No: 30675538001027365
The supplier does not ship on time, the goods do not arrive on time, some of the goods do not meet the quality of the product and can not be used, the goods are defective, money protection does not come Lady expression.It's not clear to me where the money protection is paid in advance.
Because it make feel more confidence about my purchase
very helpful and give me trust
Excellent product, Excellent service
Because i purchased something for $125 and the company produce a commercial for $200 when they shipped it so the value was not what we paidthis then went over the duty free threshold and we got import charges of $87.00if they had put the correct figure we paid it would have been duty freei complained and you just refuse to refund the duty we had to pay, this is totally wrong as the company clearly made the mistake of putting the wrong figure on the paperwork
Gives a lot of peace of mind without any extra costs so only adventagous I would say
Is usefull
FastEasyReliable
Secure payments and tracking offers good peace of mind and accountability.
The credit card fee is too high.
Great service, all in one place.
fast and unbeatable service
easy to use
Its security fo rthe products and payment
Sellers do everything to get the money but after that, everything its a caos, delays and incomplete shippings
convenience
BECAUSE YOU HAVE ALL THE BUYER PROTECTIONS!
it's can help them confident that they will get the order 100%.
Great customer service
I love them
Good assurance.
It's recomended
good seller
Great services alibaba?s as platform
The expected delivery time was April 3 but today is April 21 and i still did not receive my item.
Sellers many times are not the Actual Manufacturer, I was scammed by a Seller with Hexin International Trade Co., Ltd. (Seller Rose Wu) who even gave me a false Tracking Information with DHL that didn't belong to my order and never shipped the Goods, I still asking them to return my money. Sellers are not committed and steal our money.  I made a request to receive my money and haven't yet received an acknowledgment or response to my request. The current situation we find ourselves in our country is very critic and I do not have a job as the Country is completely stopped and not working, in top of this all these thieves just took my money and didn't have the decency to help me or return my money. This is the worst experience ever
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service since it ensures transparency, reliance and trust in every alibaba transaction. Well done for this service. I already purchased a lot in alibaba and i have no problems encountered so far, with communications, payment, delivery service.
Alibaba is a great platform for business owners;I would recommend it to other business owners but not everything is perfect and not everyone on there is nice and not every product will come out great the first 2 times, but 3rd times is a success once you build relationships with your suppliers and you communicate exactly what you want;
well the delivery time of product is ridiculus
Great and reliable prices with trustworthy site
Buying dangerous supplements from sellers, and can't get your money back after you get the dangerous supplement tested
Would recommend
Variety of suppliers and materials
Simple payment, good escrow
is good
It seems like a black hole where you don't know whether or not you will get your product or when. I had vendors quoting me different shipping rates every day, often for more than the actual product (sometimes twice as much as the actual product).  Another vendor I'm waiting on, keeps sending me "give me more time" messages as I ask about shipping  --- it's been 3 weeks. Another vendor was great, though.  It seems very spotty with little quality assurance. It's also confusing that if you send a request for a quote, vendors contact you either in Message area of AliBaba or by email directly.  It is inconsistent.  Many of the product pages are missing information, such as dimensions.
very reliable and safe
good response from vendors in general
dbgzbg
I resieve my order in very good condition end is very good product
I would say Trade Assurance provides a level of purchase safety
Secure
Orders usually take long shipping times (30-45 days), but then we do not have enough time to receive the order before we can make complaints.
I would recommend because It has everything i need.
TO SLOW FOR REFUND ?? TERRIBLE
good
I have not used it, so I cannot recommend or not recommend it.  I really think the platform should stand behind its providers.  If there are a lot of negative reviews, etc., then the quality is not there and need to be removed to protect brand and build a higher value / trusted platform.  Making customer s pay for that protection is not right (at least make it cheaper).
As a buyer I dont think its productive to have to do so much vetting of the suppliers on the site.
I feel more secure in that I can trust these suppliers I am contacting for the first time.
-
I like a neutral intermediary (alibaba) to verify the existence of suppliers and that the certificates of the businesses and products are visible
n/a
The way the sellers communicate is professional.
this is my first operation and it was all successful, fast and reliable.
It is good to have a commercial guarantee to ensure a safe purchase and avoid cheating associated with the purchased product. I have had a very good experience buying through Alibaba as they have been very serious and professional throughout the purchasing process.
Excellent
non
I don't have much experience of trading relations on the Alibaba platform yet. It is almost impossible to purchase goods at retail or in small batches. Sellers almost always, despite the specified price of the product, either refuse to sell with the reference to its absence, despite the fact that the product is listed on their site as "ready to ship", or demand to buy a larger number, despite the fact that the price is indicated on the site from 1 PC. If the seller still agrees to deliver from 1 PC., then it inflates the delivery cost by 2-3 times compared to the cost of the product indicated on its site.
it is very confidance to trade with Alibaba and very good sercice
the accompaniment is very good, product quality and guaranteethey handle very good suppliers
From my point of view it is important to have the warranty service, it gives us security of our investment.
trade assurance ensures security
Hello, I bought a door for a Jeep. The door came to me, but it was without hinges, so it cannot be installed. With the seller it is not possible to agree on the delivery of hinges. I paid for it and I cannot use the door.
They shipped the product in a timely manner and it was exactly what they said it was. Looking forward to using it.
I am Happy with the Trade Assurance Service i was just nit happy with the disputed services and also i do not know where to report when i do have them.
Alibaba should protect the buyer. We purchased though alibaba to be protect. We asked a product announced. On the document the seller put another, but with same measures, the way we could not know. When I got the order and made my complain, alibaba doesn't support us, doesn't refound us and  does not accept the product return. So, alibaba does not protect the buyer as it claims. Ps: all other credible sites as amazon, mercado livre and others, they protec the buyer and accept the return!!
Excellent communication and put you on the loop at all the time. and that is what makes me trust, believe and wanted to buy more
great service
didnt get money back for counterfeit product
this is so called assurance order, in realty any alibaba order have no assurance, its misleading. Alibaba always taking side of supplier. there is no respect for foreign buyers.
нет качества. обман.деньги не вернули. нет защиты покупки. прислали брак. обратно отправить за свои деньги.
Assurance is always backing you up as a buyer. Doing business with people we don't know make us feel uncertain but with this tool we are 1 step ahead of completing business smoothly
I'm satisfied
1.offer accepted should not mean you are satisfied with the product received. 2.support seems to be in favour of the manufacturer
It provides security to customers.
It provide seamless trading experience to trade with global partners.
I would recommend it, because it is simple and it works
It is very reassuring for us.
I do not really understand the point of having Trade Assurance Service if it did not help at all. Now, I feel less secure when ordering from sellers and am very apprehensive because I feel that the Trade Assurance Service won't help me if something were to go wrong.
Nothing
they are excellent with responding
Provides security while shopping.
i bought the best thing through alibaba
IT IS A GOOD SERVICE FOR YOU CAN GARANTEE PRODUCT SATISFACTION.  IN MY CASE TRADE ASSURANCE DID NOT HELP,  BOUGHT NATURAL STONE GRANITE AND COMPANY SENT MANMADE GRANITE ( LOST EVERYTHING FOR IT WILL NOT SELL,  PRODUCT BREAK IN 2 WHEN LIFTING IT UP.
No, I highly recommend Trade Assurance Service. It keeps the buyer and seller honest.
It is very easy to use.
Customer service couldn't be worse, and the technician was rude. There is literally nothing to be done when you are in a bad situation with a seller. I will try to avoid sourcing through Alibaba as much as possible.
N/A
is very freindly. and secure
I can not recommend, buying from Alibaba depends on the seller, if the seller is a scammer, Alibaba defends the scammer, allows the scammer to keep scamming
Gives you confidence to shop online
I sometimes find some errors on the web pages. For example the pages insisted on spanish language. The number of notices on the "my alibaba"-symbol is often wrong.
not because it doesn't exist
i would recomend trade assurance because its very fast,effiecient and reliable
Fast, helpful, safe
it was a really easy and great process
Recommended:  - forces suppliers to be timely and accurate  - guarantee of order performance or money back.  No recommend:  - big reduction of the returned amount (payment in Euro on European Account, return in USD on Euro account, what cost a lot)
I feel safe ordering products internationally using the Trade Assurance Service,
It gives me confidence that things will be done right.
Ok
because it is a good method to verify the products
n/a
The dispute resolution system is not user friendly and would not allow user upload evidense or explain its case properly. Seller can answer dispute  in Chinese and we don tunderstand.  Its imposible to upload evidence from chat with more than one seller exectuive, so they change executives at the last moment.
Easy to use
It's a very safe and standard way to make payments, but pretty much the customer is still on its own when it comes to a dispute. Ever since the covid crisis, trade assurance dispute processes are a mess
i will recommend it just in case  you dont receive the order you wanted
The time alibaba give for trade assurance services most of the time is not enough, like for instance in one of my case the supplier took about 30 days to manufacture (or arrange) the products then it was despatch and it took about 45 days to reach in UK but before my order arrived, Alibaba Trade Assurance was already over and finished. Which means basically this service is of no use to most sellers and its just a lip service
I would recommend it. I find it expensive probably but more secure than ordering directly from a provider I don't know.
no reason
Not sure what exactly is meant with "Trade Assurance Service". The Alibaba service in general works really well for me though.
The only issue i have is the fact that the company i bought from waited to ship product and timed it to be delivered just before the 2nd extension expired leaving me with no way to test product and raise any disputes. m order was fine but still did not like that tactic. seems shady.
good
The only problem I have had was it took months for me to get my shipment one time. When I did get it , it was the wrong sized item and the wrong quantity
Easy order and transaction process .  Friendly and professional service
Makes me feel safe, but I haven't had to use it. I assume by the reliability of my vendors that it works well when needed.
i never received the product
There is an important matter that could be improved and is that generally the Trade Assurance Service closes the order before the product really reach my address. That happened almost every time I have put an order, so it is useless to me.
not sure
for protection
great job  keep it up
took too long
I've been shorted in shipments and had poor quality.  After trying to resolved with seller I was asked for photos and to show package weight etc.  By that time I had already disposed of shipping package and assurance denied claim as there was one photo out of several that showed item with attached garter but all others showed detached and so did description.  Process is not protecting buyer.
Exhaustive product list and amazing service
Very communicative and easy to use with great service from the suppliers!
We have opened few disputes already and the resolution outcome was not fair at all. Even though all the terms and conditions of our Trade Assurance contract have not been met by the seller, Alibaba representatives have been on the seller's side and did not consider the terms of the contract. They  kept saying that they cannot simply ask the seller to refund the money. The reason for closing our disputes was the following: "We tried to contact you two times and you did not respond. Due to no response from you, we have to close the dispute". That is absolutely not true because we were in touch all the time and uploaded many evidences, and provided many information. Alibaba representatives' decisions are very prejudiced and unfair. No one really looking at the contract terms. WHAT IS THE POINT OF TRADE ASSURANCE then?! If it does not protect it's customers.
return disputes are awful.  I have been taken advantage of by crooked liars
i think it is safer
.
I fell safe
I need to be sure about the experience with The Trade Assurance.
Trade Assurance is great.
to be safe I like trade assurance.  thanks
I would recommend
It would be fine to pay on cryptocurrencies
trusty services, no delay, no hidden fees
It is an insurance both to the buyer and seller
very straight forward process.
I'll defenietly recommand Alibaba, i've been using it since long time ago and i'm really satisfied
My order launched on february 6th is still on road (seller's information). Your site always sent information to close the insurance by shipment closed. It's not yet delivered. I'm still awaiting on
Because the shipping takes too long
I do't know transaction fees .it is too high ( 2,99% )
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because one can trust it.
Would not, because it is too risky. I will never convince people to trust the Chinese, because it is too different.
No. I can only recommend.
I PAID FOR THE PRODUCT THE SELLER NEVER RESPOND AFTER MAKE PAYMENT
safety transaction
Safety
I would strongly recommend it ...... because it's available
I will recommend. its safe to pay and guaranteed
I only had 1 minor incident but the outcome favored the supplier but it was due to a printing dispute and not Alibaba's fault. I should have gone with my gut instinct and not accepted the shipment but that was my mistake. When I use the trade Assurance Service I feel safe in that my money is protected against fraudulent manufacturers. All my purchases have been secure.
I would recommend because Trade Assurance Is not the Problemi.
I've not had reason to use it so I can't really give a reason.
I am a victim of fraud here!  You practically do not provide any protection to buyers!  I bought Bodykit + headlights and taillights for my car on March 12, I paid on the same date.  https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/SHIYU-modified-upgrade-low-rise-to_1600186680624.html?spm=a2700.12243863.0.0.71df3e5fthWK26  As soon as I paid, the seller changed his account name and photo here and started writing to me from another account!  The original account: Shiyu John (Shiyu John)  The new account: Maggie M (Maggie M)  By the third week, I already had serious concerns that I was a victim of fraud and opened 2 disputes, one for each of the two orders - Body Kit and headlights and taillights.  The next day the seller changed the text in the field for Shipping period: up to 30 days.  Today is April 13, it's been more than 30 days since I paid everything, I still don't have any proof from the seller that the goods have been sent!
always being assured of any transaction with suppliers
Trade Assurance is the basics of what a person needs in order to search and secure their product, so it's pretty much a requirement.
Good  service
because is very easy and safe
I would recommend because it is the only way to secure your order.
Even when a customer sends pictures of the outfit being bad quality or not fitting as stated. The trade assurance still picks the seller as right. Just because they have measurements and they go by measurements. There is also pictures so I believe trade assurance should look at the pictures sellers present to customers also.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because of the absolute quality of service given to me by Allen Liu.
It has been fairly simple to use and I am able to easily communicate with the supplier.
It is useless. The seller sent me my stuff after 3 months and even then it was short by 4 pieces. Now I cannot get a refund because Alibaba already closed the order.
n/a
N/A
n/a
I would because I think Im protected. Im not sure because I never had to use it
I would recommend trade assurance to assure that you receive the goods you paid for.
I Haven't put in enough orders or had any problems to see how it properly works
website and app are very slow in response
I do highly recommend trade assurance.  There is no other guarantee when dealing with an overseas seller, you have to use it, or you are buying blind and your chances of being taken advantage of are great.  This service allows you to sleep at night, especially if you follow their guidelines.  The order process, which is different and complicated.  Sellers are allowed to list products at one price and then sell them at a completely different price. As an example, a product is listed for $1500.00, you create an order, you then have to wait for the seller to confirm the order and the price, which takes a day or so. Once the seller makes contact about the order, the price is different than advertised...about double.  You then have to cancel the order and start the process over again.  I have had sellers take more than a week to respond.  There seems not to be any stipulation in place to prevent sellers from mis-advertising their price.  In the USA, we call that a "bait-n-switch"
ok
Trade Assurance has been many times our savior when it comes to shady and unprofessional vendors.. but the process should not been that stressful and painful.
very professional fast service also can talk directly to the buyers or sellers
Gives me confidence that there will be recourse if there is any problems with my order
No
Although for me it has not been necessary to validate this guarantee, it is necessary to contract it because it provides greater security in transactions
most supplier's do work on time, have great products and ship accordingly, the problem is when you start a claim, the supplier gets more days to provide an  answer and you as a customer only get 1 day to submit evidence. after that, the negotiation is more on the supplier's favor,
Keeps you covered
ok
I recommend the TAS for the frame and the rules approved with the potential supplier.
after almost 3 months and dozens of lies, I have not received the order
We clearly communicated that a product was not delievered, but Alibaba didn't help at all.
Convenience, safety and dependability
My products are missing and freight forwarder has given me hard time. I am not going to recommend Alibaba to anyone , Not buying anything from Alibaba again. 350 pairs of shoes are still with Freight Forwarder. I have paid almost double for the freight to different forwarders but still haven't received my products. Alibaba dispute team just made joke of whole scenario.
Jen says she is in charge of the case . but she closed the case unfairly. she closed the case  because she sent me a message and I did not reply she said.she closed the case within 24hours of her sending the massage.her mail went to my spam and I found it later. customer  service advised me  to send her an e -mail . I sent her 2 mails without reply.
--
Trade assurance does not work, I always have a typical answer (1 robot) Merchandise lost since December 2020, the forwarder no longer responds and Alibaba does not reimburse me. When you are a large company and you offer Trade Assurance, you make it work when there is a problem. The customer should not be penalized. Simply shameful !!!
Its easy and made to protect the consumer, you have a clear step by step instruction you can follow, in case of a dispute.
As my understanding, Trade Assurance Service of Alibaba protects my orders when the payment is made via Alibaba's payment system, which is good for buyers. Another great things is Alibaba is fully in english. So I recommend Alibaba to my friends, and I always say them that "You must make the payment via Alibaba's payment system, not directly to manufacturer".
no proper communication method to contact seller or Alibaba , (chart / messenger are of no result oriented)
I have no reason
I would recommend, but at your own caution.
It is easier to get your money.
Alibaba never confirmed information provided by supplier. My rights were not valuable on the dispute. Just supplier rights.
You bring the World together.
I like the added protection of Trade Assurance.
GOOD SERVICE
had what  I needed and I received my order!
Because it doesn't even protect the buyer. There is no point to it.
Easy orders and communication.
you have me always and i feel safe.
have not had to dispute, so have no issues/experience
I would recommend the trad assurance service. Its a very good option for a buyer.
It's a guarantee of security and I prefer to buy from seller with a Trade Assurance Service, just in case.
I would because it leaves a documentable trail for later audits
it's safe and assuring!
Communication error, sometimes its hard to explain what you want verbally vs. visually.
I did not receive my money even though I sent pictures and videos of the damaged samples!
I ordered some items and one of my order I didn't receive yet. It has been over a month, while other one I realize, they didn't process the payment yet. when I was expect the product
I bought watches on here and never received them they wanted to use western union and I did and now I'm out $700 usd
It makes the process more trusting and comfortable.
ENSURES BUSINESS IN GOOD CONDITIONS
Not necessary
no reason, i would reccomend it
very responsive.
Although the business managers are really nice, the orders sometimes take too long to arrive. This is hard for business members who rely on fast selling. I have found many great and reliable sellers. So I would not talk bad about Alibaba. I would just recommend my friends to make small purchases before buying a big order from any specific seller. There are sellers that will take your sale and money then force you to change the product.
no its quite safe
it's very convenient for us to do business with clients at alibaba
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service so other busibesses coukd shop with ease
The Trade Assurance experience that "I" experience, had no real assurance.  Basically it was asking the seller and us to come to an agreement. If the seller did not honor their service then there was no agreement. There was NO such thing as "Trade Assurance".  I have a number of products that are NOT correct and are NOT functional and there is nothing that I can do about that.  Not sure how anyone can assume that process would be fair.  Luckily I had bought from a couple of suppliers that 'were' honorable. I would buy from them again.  BUT I cannot trust anyone else on Alibaba. And certainly the Alibaba Trade Assurance Process is not what it was represented.
n/a
n/a
I recommend it because it is 100% reliable
The system does not reflect what suppliers are doing. My supplier shipped the product but the system did not reflect that. The supplier was VERY understanding she made the process a better experience. But the system is complicated.
not spcifically
It is one of the most safest way to deal with a supplier as it provides reliable safety and security for the buyer.  It also improves the level of service from the supplier to the buyers.
Overall am happy with Alibaba and it's services, however I was in contact with a supplier and had good communication with them but then all of a sudden they stopped communicating/messaging me (and I wanted to place a sample order with them) but was completely shut off from them so I had to move on & search for another supplier - This isn't an Alibaba issue but a supplier within Alibaba issue
Peace of mind knowing that transactions are safe& secure.
The merchandise arrived 3 months after its order in poor condition, despite a request in dispute I never had an answer. Alibaba is not recommended. Poor quality product or deception of the merchandise
although ive never needed to use it I still would because its comforting to have that safety
supplier collects money before buyer receives goods especially now with covid situation.
es una gran herramienta al momento de hacer negocios por primera vez con algún proveedor.
So far, ordering has been very easy, I have a great contact that I work with and she makes ALL the difference!
Tres bonne assurance pour la tranquilité le seul soucis c'est que le délai max est de 60 jours alors que j'ai re?u mes colis au bout de 65 jours environ
For Easy transaction
good
I love the product and customer service.
card payment method require first name and second name but my card is company card has only the name of the company there is no last name
Hi!  The fees for Ideal are way to high in my opnion, as the fees on a regular Ideal payment are 50 cents max.
Never used it
will always recommend
Courteous and professional reps
all conform. Thanks
IT IS NOT DESIGNED TO BE USED IN SPANISH
It makes sure I don't lose money if I order a product and it is in bad quality.
I never received my order. I could not message the suppliers due to it being disabled. I reached out many times to Alibaba with no response. Me not being able to contact the seller caused me to loose money and customers. My site was late launching. The communication is poor. I had to change platforms due to the communication being with AI. I had seller  reach out me and I could not message them back which caused me to loose business relationships.I will like a refund.
because you don?t lose your money in case something is wrong
I didn't have any reason.
Trade assurance did what it said it would on my first order
Why?  Were able to solve my situation within minutes not hours.  Great job. Thanks
I purchased $1000USD in KN95 masks, which never arrived to US address, was returned to seller, then seller said they closed the mask business and I have not gotten any refund or product.
They are necessary and mandatory, especially at this time.
Great service
Yes
I would because it works!
it is also a feeling of the complete proces. If communication goes easy the rest feels better.
It is valuable for customer assurance, promoting confidence in transactions that are done internationally with unknown buyers.
Great app.
System is not seamless.
peace of mind
Many procedures are in place that checks the companies and that makes me feel comfortable.
very efficient
Ordered Capsules from vendor, capsules were heated during transit and ruined the capsules.  Seller did not seem to believe even when photo evidence was provided.  I sourced capsules within USA to avoid further issues.
In all instances and no matter the reason, Alibaba always sides with the seller.
Trade Assurance is the only method of buying . Highly recommended
only one seller is late the shipment any way  its arrived tomorrow.  starky xie  .
Waste of time
Prefer to deal directly with the suppliers
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as it provides me safety for my orders.
It is excellent.
Very disapointed on the dispute process as it's favoring the seller even if they have made number of mistakes.
I recommend it because it gives you assurance that the supplier will comply with what you have asked.
N/A
The payment service you offer is unreliable, resulting in losing my money. This is totally unacceptable. Your customer service is terrible - unable to understand the problem, unable to communicate effectively, unreachable by telephone, long delays in responding, unable to take appropriate action to resolve my issues. To be honest, I'm amazed that alibaba is as successful as it is with the extremely poor level of service
I feel secure that I will get quality products in adherence to the PO.
the trade assurance is recommendable
great
Because you never know the quality of a product
I felt safe knowing a third party would oversee the transaction and I would get my products.
no he podido resolver nada porque  no se mucho ingles y se me acaba el tiempo de espera en lo que  tradusco lo que voy a decirle ademas me piden el tracking number el cual el vendedor no me envio  y  en eso han terminado los conversaciones no he podido lograr nada y he perdido mi dinero
We used to buy a lot from Ali Baba but all of the sudden one of the new supplier did not send us product and even invalid tracking details and even that tracking doesnot link to ali baba platform. Our selling season is leaving in our hands and we are not confident to make more purchases anymore as ALi Baba didnot sort out the dispute in over 65 days.
I find it very reliable and easy to use.
It's easy to use.
Trade assurance is good
Not at the moment
Alibaba has been good for me I had one issue with being sent the wrong order but it was resolved through the seller and I was shipped out the correct order
I would recommend.
because is really secure
perfect
i would recommend it, very easy to make a transaction with and safe
no reason all great
The dispute outcome was not satisfactory. I have noticed that the Alibaba dispute team first contacts the seller, listens to his explanation and then makes their decision. I find this unfair because it gives the seller an opportunity to describe his side of the issue, but as a buyer I am not given that opportunity. I want to be able to talk to the dispute team directly regarding the issue so I can explain my issue in detail too. I want them to provide a contact email or number where I can discuss the dispute with them, or if the dispute outcome is unsatisfactory, I want to ask them why they made that decision and what I can do to provide more evidence. From the buyer's perspective, we only have 2000 characters to explain the dispute issue, but the seller gets contacted directly by the dispute team to explain their side of the story which is unfair to the buyer.
I would recommend them as I think overall it's good.  The updating is fubar however.
BEST PAYMENT PLATFORM. MONEY IS SECURE
It is costly
Excellent service from our supplier!
Trade assurance is fine.  It was the initial setup of the transaction that was a problem.
I just started to trade on Alibaba, every merchand I excaange with was curtius and involved. No problens what so ever. I'm hoping it will always so nice and easy to do bisiness trought Alibaba..... Thank you
To be honest, everything about the Alibaba experience is just difficult. The suppliers I have worked with are great, but the Alibaba web experience is just very bad. In my opinion.
Great for finding cheap things
It's more secure and easy
No it’s great
Trade assurance dispute resolution favour Chineses manufacturers who steal from buyers with poor quality products. Alibaba employees  are racist
-
good
I would highly recommend - as its a way to secure the payment and the order
So far all of the transactions I have had with suppliers has been very positive and professional and i have had no need to worry.
Payment need to be secured
I would recommend the trade assurance service because  it's a very useful service.
I would like to recommend TAS, it is safe.
Becasuse this is not assurance the suplier make wrong the order, he don`t sale to me only one for see the size I bought 6 pcs S-M-L all of them are the same fiting I ask for give back the tops andd the suplier only want to give me back te price of the topo i have to paid fot the transport 2 times this is not good
Everything went smooth and lean so far, thank you!
It's safe payment for me specially for small businesses.
I would recommend it because I benefit from the Interaction with the seller which I don't have when I buy without "Trade Assurance"
Make online payments available for India.
I would because of prices. I wouldn't because of shipping
I recomend it.
Alibaba doens't cover for Warranty period response and Seller is taking no-responsbility to handle the warranty claims issue.
It's hard to tell who we are talking to without ever meeting them in person so Trade Assurance gives me the confidence to give the manufacturer a try.  So far it has worked very well.  If Trade Assurance was not available, I would be hesitant to try new vendors.
excelente servicio, garantiza toda la compra desde el pago inicial hasta la entrega de los productos
My products took MONTHS to get to me. Your automatic delivery email that was 2 weeks after I bought my products and then the extension on your website was only 15 days which meant that all my money went through and there was no way to stop that until I actually receive my goods.  AND I have STILL not received one of my products because apparently no one in the history of the world has ever delivered a Projector Screen from China to Australia.
Very goog service.
it was very helpful, the process for buying was smooth, as I am a new buyer, it made me come back and buy more
i think because it is safe for buyers
My experience has been exceptional with Alibaba and my sellers
Very safe
the order was marked as complete because the seller has uploaded shipping information from February. I ordered the item on March 30th. How could the item have been shipped in February?? Trade Assurance says that the order is complete now because it's been many days since the item has shipped, but it's only been one week since I placed the order.
It lacks acceptance of crypto currencies.
It is perfect and execellanc
The sales personals were too quick to draft out the Trade Assurance without getting my permission when they see that I was rushing them for the costing from the points of despatch to me. Why I say this is because, as a reseller, I have to confim the orders with my customers before we agree on ghe costing then they purchase.
First time with alibaba, two trial orders. Both suppliers made a STUPID mistakes. 1) Sent me incorrect model (How can that be possible?!) And I paid them expensive shipping cost to ship things over. 2) Suspicious and possible cheating. Quotation at $100/2000pcs stickers, after agreed, changed invoice to $100/1000pcs and shipped me only half the qty. When discovered trying so hard to give excuses. 3) Extremely extremely incompetency on communication in English. One factory, could not understand my shipping instruction and ended up me paying import duty which should have been avoid at a trial sample order like such. And pointless to explain to them, they do not understand English well
Very safe, reliable, and efficient!
Shipping costs are too expensive. More options for slow sea-based freight for small packages would be a better option.
I wouldn't buy products from someone who didn't have it included.
si la recomiendo, me resolvieron inmediatamente
Trade Assurance is a great feature.  You can buy with the peace of mind that you have not been scammed for your money.  Having that safety feature is awesome.
you are not monitoring how march supplier can charge for delivery
Gives me a bit more confidence that if the product is not delivered as promised I have a way to get refunded or resolved
no lo he utilizado
I am going through it now
Suppliers are friendly and prompt with responses even with time difference.
The quality and variety of product for great prices !
N A
Easy way to use
YES, I WOULD
its really secure and allows new level of business
It is a very safe method.
fast and reliable
you can find the best providers here
It gives buyers assurance that there is a benchmark when buying internationally. However, the sellers need to be vetted as there are some conman out there who say to pay to another bank account rather than through alibaba payment.
none
very good service
I will surely recommend trade assurance
for shopping safety
Need the assurance to conduct trade
Would recommend, quick and simple process.
I have been using Alibaba for years and I find that the Trade Assurance Service works well.
Well , my complain was about my dispute process , we are gratefull that proccess went as it had to be, but in our case the resolution to our favor was more than evident and alibaba delay the decision making process and even extended time frames to submit evidence by the supplier in a case that it was clear a breach in contract from seller to buyer since the contract was under DDP incoterms.
Like it.
Opportunity to work with good suppliers with great communication.
very fast and very convenient
Es una excelente forma de pago, ya que es muy seguro
NA
not used
Some suppliers are very lazy in answering emails and quotes some orders that are paid are just sitting there not being delivered I am ordering stock because I need it ASAP. I ordered mascara in a silver tube and once I paid it was no longer avaliable and still today i am answering email questions for that order very poor customer service fortunitly for me other countrys want my business and are going that extra mile to get it. I thought Alibaba was the market leader in business ?
Gives the customer rights when a transaction goes not according to plan.
I doubt I will use alibaba in the future.  I'm waiting on a second order - hopefully it will go better than the first.
It's very good to know that in my search I can order a bunch of samples from different places and know that I will receive the products :)
it is very good i feel secure
it gives me security when I buy
Shipment took a lot longer than we were told. Although customer service with rep was outstanding.
i would recommend but it does not help alot. as i did not get my full refund
I would definitely recommend Trade Assurance to protect both parties from loss.
this service works really perfect in protect the seller and the buyer
It's is a flawed system, sellers can easily just decline the refund application. Leaving the customer with no power and the only thing they can do is apply again for refund and keep repeating this unessesary process. Then alibaba keeps asking for evidence but how can a buyer deliver evidence? The only thing we as buyers are able to do is tell the seller that the goods have NOT been delivered
For its security process
Will definitely recommend as i am satisfied with the service
Dispute Process is very unfair its Sellers Friendly Always Sellers are doing unfaithful orders Sellers not Follow the rules of Alibaba Trade Assurance
Trade assurance supports their sellers and not the buyers. Seems very biased. it would be gre
Transaction fee is the highest Iever met!
Very good service
I ordered dog raincoats from this supplier and they sent me definite wrong colors and refused to pay the shipping fee for sending back the clothes to the supplier. Very unsatisfied service that I've experienced in alibaba https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/2020-new-three-color-four-legs_1600108652089.html?spm=a2700.galleryofferlist.normal_offer.d_image.32fe3a62TYUamh&bypass=true
N/A
I'd recommend Trade Assurance Services. I found a trusted vendor that explained everything I wanted and needed to know to make a good business decision. I was kept informed of the process of my order from beginning to end. Shipping was fast and then much faster than I was expecting, which is a good thing. Everything was done well and parts are in great shape.
because the judgment is not fair. I was stolen by a seller, and alibaba didn't do anything.
Unable to track shipment process after seller has handed over goods to the shipping company.  Too many confusing pages to click, which sometimes end up to be the same page.  It makes your platform confusing to understand. Not simple to use.
Reason for recommending you have guarantees and a secured and ideal site for e-commerce
Gives me comfort
Es seguro y coonfiable.
not used it
Alibaba is not accepting my credit card anymore
I recommend Trade Assurance Service BECAUSE  -TO SECURE/PROTECT BUYER FROM SCAMMER
bad service all accross
Very easy to use
becuse when i have problem with seller and I didn't get response from the seller and I didn't get my money return
Absolutely worthless. Our supplier lied about when the shipment left, Products were missing. We sent all the relevant information to the dispute person who just dismissed our case.  See Below  Up to that point we had spent approx. $60,000 USD. We are now looking for suppliers elsewhere and obviously have no faith in Alibaba.  The Trade Assurance gave us the confidence to order, we now know that is not worth the paper it is Written on so we dont have the confidence to reorder through Alibaba and will take our business elsewhere
Great pricing and great customer service! I've never had any issues with any sellers.
PROTECTION!!!!!!
It is safe and fast
no
thanks
It gives one confidence in the process.
Easy to use and added comfort in knowing that our product would be delivered before payment was remitted.
не понял
I would totally recommend, I just wish there was payment terms net30 or net60, as it takes upwards of a month from payment to receiving the goods, it messes up our accounting. If we could pay on net30 terms, then we would be able to receive the items and pay in within the same accounting period.
a safe mode to buy overseas.
I've never had to use Trade Assurance regarding problems with suppliers.
is safety for the buyer and the seller is safe for the ok time delivery and so on
Hidden fees. Difficult platform and not user friendly. Suppliers don't speak Eng well. The prices are not real. It is normal to order something and then the supplier tells you that they need extra money to complete this order.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service.  My order was placed easily and I safely received the merchandise I ordered although because of Chinese New Year it took a very long time.
Peace of mind in the ordering process.
its good
1. At the beginning a scammer appears asking for payment outside the platform. 2. I made a purchase and only got half of what I ordered, tried to reason with the customer service person and realized that I was scammed by them. * Supplier: Liuyang Yongjia Trading Co. ID: liuyangyongjia - order 76788610501028094 3. When I ask the supplier - Why haven't I received the merchandise? He told me that I have to solve that with Alibaba, I do not collaborate in the process. * Supplier: Srate Optical Instrument Manufactory. - ID: cn1000271129 - Order: 76568562501028094 4. I'm still waiting for the supplier to answer me, the goods haven't arrived, I've been waiting for almost a month. - * Supplier: Regent International Co. -Order 76755931501028094 5. I have no response from the supplier and the order has arrived a long time ago. - * Supplier: Dongguan Shinetech New Energy Co. - Order: 7656997850102894
Tade Assurance is just to protect the seller
I recommend trade Assurance Service because is easy and sure
N/A
Great service. Fast. Easy payment , fast delivery.
There is no benefit to use Trade Assurance because Alibaba always favors the sellers.  It is better to use alternative methods such as Standing Line of Credit and others and not depend on Alibaba that it would do anything for the buyers.
I am very satisfied with the Trade Assurance Service.
Everything is easy
I would caution that there are many companies that do not look out for the business interest and seem to have inclination of taking advantage of those who are not aware or experienced enough.
for bringing reliability to both parties
to be honest; I dont know anything about the Trade Assurance Service.  Perhaps an email explaining would help
It's save and you have nearly no risk. Extremely nice for beginners like me.
You have offered no help. just told me to work it out with the seller and let you know.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is a safe and easy way.
-
good prices and very secure for payments.
I recommend it is very safe, I like it  Thanks
I recommend the service, since it gives me a guarantee that I will receive what I am buying
none
N/A
I would recommend.
As I stated before, I would very much recommend Alibaba for Global Trading and totally rely on Trade Assurance Service.
na
Not really secured. too many fake product in here
i dont like the trade assurance service because the time of protection is not good, paypal usually give me 6 months
Please remove the transaction fee and allow processing payment in CA$.
When the price is low the shipping is super high more than the product itself when purchasing in bulk. With the shipping price high the item is not on a first class or priority shipping.
This is new to me and I'm still figuring out how to use it effectively.
Peace of mind that products will be shipped.
good
makes the transaction safer
i would recommend
Terms of payment. Basically, Its very insulting to immediately get 100% advance payment.  Normally for 34 years in trading business we only make 30% depsoit or advance & 70% before shipment. And at times, the product is not eady or not yet book shipping line & asking to send balance payment.   afterward, giving so may reason such as that the shipping line or forwarder unable to deliver.
I would recommend because it is safe and prevent from losing a lot of money
1. Alibaba seller made a mistake and attached me to another order. The other customer order was delivered, it marked my shipment as delivered.  2. It was not delivered, there was no correcting it from my order. I asked for a refund, tried to contact Alibaba, nothing, ZERO Customer service is available.   3. It still shows as delivered. although it has not been delivered.  4. Shipments are marked as delivered, although they are not, it leaves me in the position to ask for a refund.   That is an unfair option. It forces the buyer to make a choice that can harm both parties business relationship.   No Alibaba does not fairly provide customer service to the buyer in regards to shipping.
because of all the product selection, price and customer service
It helps customers or business owners to trade with suppliers with confidence, to avoid missunderstood and regulates the trade process. It also allows the business owner to take the control of the order without being in China
I feel like I have been robbed of $900 by alibaba and trade assurace.....(correction) I HAVE been robbed of $900 with no product delivered and no refund for the undelivered products.  They got my money and they got to keep the returned product and that is the worst business practice I have ever seen.  I feel compelled to go viral with the unjust system in place with this company that allows its vendors to steal from hard working customers that read your policy that says it will honor each transaction and then do the exact opposite on ALL 3 OF MY LAST ORDERS.  So stressed out about this entire experience.  I will shout it from the rooftops.....I got robbed.
hasta hoy he tenido solo buenas experiencias con los vendedores
It needs to protect the buyer more.
excelente servicio y respaldo para los clientes
I received product that did not work didn't know you could use
WELL THE ITEMS WERENT AS as they appeared i tried to get a refund and the company pretty much laughed in my face and werent nice
I would recommend because it makes both buyers and sellers safe
Not that i can think of
its safe and give me peace that i have something that can back up me
Not as of yet, but I have only placed 4 orders.
N/A
N/A
To comply with tax laws in different countries invoices and receipts should show as much information as possible, not all countries understand the process involved in this type of transactions and require detailed invoices showing payment type etc.
PROFESSIONAL ASSISTANCE
very good service
This is the best. Payment by domestic EUR transfer then you make payment in USD at current exchange rate works great!
NA
The service helps us to be at ease when waiting for order
I would recommend it because it gives me that peace of mind when putting in my orders to know that im dealing with a manufacturer that is trusted and backed by Alibaba.
EASY TO USE
i hope i get the refund
If goods are faulty the return shipping needs to be covered by the buyer which is abused by scammer sellers.
Good
Credit card transaction limit is too low
no issue
no
I really appreciate trade assurance ability to help keep my information safe and provide fast safe efficient service.
All things are working as they should
When placing an order, I'm told I don't meet the minimum MOQ.  I'll copy and paste their page listing that I'm ordering the correct MOQ and I'm told that they won't place an order.  I feel as though that is false advertising.
I ordered more than a month ago I have no update on shipping, I did not receive on anything that I've ordered. No information on the seller
I believe trade assurance service is needed and would always recommend it   I the seller can't deliver the item in the normal days plus additional days possible then there should be a way to still say the order is not complete   also, if the order has more than one thing and I receive one item then order should still not be complete   it appears the seller is often off on when they can deliver the goods because of manufacturing problems and even though I have to wait I still would like the item   I love Alibaba but am having this problem   thanks - peace - pdon
Lots of changes made AFTER I submit the payment. Its an old sales tactic of do everything until the money is sent.
All venders were easy to talk too and very helpful
i have an order with 3 items. i made a dispute on 1 item, after the dispute is closed, i am unable to open a second dispute on an additional item
Peace of mind.
lack of confidence.  still using paypal because i feel confident that paypal will hold my money until they receive tracking order number from seller.  only then does paypal pay seller.  as buyer this is the biggest problem with using alibaba.  sellers always want bank transfer or transferwise or western union.  this gives no confidence to buyer.  what if seller runs away and does not ship product?  this happened to me two times on large purchase.  this is why i prefer using paypal.  paypal will always give me my money back in case seller defaults by not sending goods
For some reason i am unable to pay with a credit card.  For each order the banks in Hawaii charge $45 for wire transfers and this is my only option as western union is also limited.  I have two catamaran companys in Hawaii and a small boutique apparel store online.  Please give me other options of payment so its not so expensive.
Trade assurance is good, though I have not had used the trade assurance luckily but when I place an order through Alibaba trade assurance gives me a great confidence in buying from any unknown sellers.
My experience has been efficient and for the most part very accurate.
It is safe and secure.
n/a
Because I am safe that somebody will not cheat me
Trade Assuarance Services is a very nice feature and it makes you feel safer doing business with parties you do not know.
not clear how it helps me. We already have protection from credit card company
-
it is risk-free and more convenient for both seller and buyer.
I would reccommend Trade Assurance service because in my case everything is fine according trade contract.
The outcome was not helpful at all. supplier was in the wrong yet nothing was done!
N/A
Too costly.
.
Too many scammers. Nearly impossible to find real products and prices.
Basically I buy an item, seller confirms that I CAN BUY the item. The shipping company when the item arrives to my country automatically returns the item to the seller and now Alibaba is asking me for documentation? it does not make any sense
IT IS SAFE
i would recomend the trade service because in my experience, it has been the best, very safe and satisfactory
I like it because it is face to face with the buyer and easy to talk to...fast ordering and shipping
I wrote a very comprehensive input for you to improve on but when I finished typing it and tried to submit, it says "sorry, the number of words you input is too much!"  So here is my question. Why the fuck do you ask me to specify the reason if it's too fucking long? Why isn't there a word limit requirement written here?   So from here on out, just no fucking comment.   Just resolve the issues that I have filed that has not been resolved yet. There are so many.
Do not allow unprofessional suppliers to work with AliBaba
reassurance
Linhai Chenlong Glasses Co., Ltd. only sent me half of my order, in the Order Number: 65614106001021325 for everything else satisfied
I ordered a sample and never received it. I sell car cameras and wanted a sample before the travel season .I usually sell 30 or 40 of these cameras a season. the seller sent me a tracking number but did not ship it as i cannot
Trade assurance is always good for large orders.
Nothing
GOOD
Because it is a farce. Despite the seller breaching the contract on multiple points, the solutions suggested by the customer service aimed to share damage with us rather than protecting our buying experience from a negligent supplier that admited to be at fault.
Seller send my order with wrong adress markings.and  i lose 200$ on shipping (order value 400$). alibaba doesnt acept refund for me! its seller mistake,i gave another adress to ship ! and i have problems like this before!
Easy to access material and production suppliers.   The website is not great. It often shows that I have a message when I don't. Status of the product and shipping is vague.
Its really good for both parties
I would definitely recommend this service as its assure me about product quality and make me confident to take buying decision.
i would recommend it to anyone
You don't track the delivery of a product.  Trade Assurance should not expire before item is delivered.  i have experience trade assurance expiring before the manufacturer shipped the item.
No
Tracking info changed and I wasn't updated. I had to contact sales to find out about a new tracking number for my order.
The trade assurance period is too short for some countries and shipping process.
I would recommend Trade Assurance
Need to make sure that the product has high quality and also is delivered without damage or problems.
I would recommend it because I feel its a secure way to shop or communicate with manufacturers.
seamless transaction
easy to use
no
great service
I would for people to start off with something to have or to connect. However, when you have the people on here telling lies about the prices make me mad. for example if their website says from this price to this price and not make up a price. For example if it says from $1.70 to $2.45 why are they telling me $6 or $8 ??? I mean if you are doing costume you should have the price for doing costume work already advertised on the website and not just make up a number. it should be $1.70 to $8 depending on the design. Otherwise I just think they are lies and are false advertising and see I'm and from the United States and they are trying to get me to pay more. So no protection for me as the buyer. Also why is the shipping rates not accessible for me to see or know what are the shipping rates??? I mean it should not be a BIG secret.
рекомендую
not happy with alibaba as you always let sellers do what they want no justice for buyers
ok
the shipping is too long
Anything
Trade Assurance should only ever update once the goods are physically received.  Most of my orders has been closed before I have received the goods.
I was scammed by a seller and Alibaba did not help. They requested the same info over and over.  I had to give up and contact my credit card company.  The credit card company did not help and alibaba did not help.
Peace of mind
I think its importatn to know and to have the trade Assurance, because it helps by some way to be sure on what we buy or do business.
I didn't really experience the March Expo because I didn't understand what it was about. I did see advertising for it.
trade assurance is great since i know my money is safe
I never got the free shipping promotion
Its protection for when ordering manufactured products. Its also a payment trail.
NIL
Very difficult to finish my evidence for my claim. Hard to use the website to communicate.
too complicated, only in english...
Trade assurance lets me order with confidence that my order will be completed.  I recommend Alibaba Trade Assurance to all of my friends both with and without businesses.  I have only had one bad experience and I don't believe it is Trade assurances fault but no one has bothered to find out why the vendor will not honor the order.
I would recommend Alibaba according to my experiences. Trade Assurance has been great. However, there were a couple of bumps from suppliers with dishonesty of not having products in stock; only to learn weeks after I have paid in full. Goods never delivered because suppliers are not honest about having products in stock. This is a huge problem and a hinderance for business especially during times of economic uncertainties. At the moment, I'm interested in a K-Cup machine that can produce the cups, sealing lid capability, and labeling. I have "not" been able to find this information on Alibaba.
jljknlkn,mn.,mnjkbhgcdszsdxfcgvbhjnkm
I recommend it because its really easy to use it.
did not use it yet
i recommande trade assurance service because it garrantee and protect your differents transactions and dispute with a supplier.
Easy communication, easy and secure payment and track shipping/delivery.  I am more concern on the quality of the products & copyright of certain products, because it looks 99% similar to the brand(s) that I know.
hard to comunicate with sellers and they have a lot of accounts
None
The service is very good for every customers
Finding new products and trading
Im a good payer but now you’re giving me a hard time to pay and declined all my payments
I would recommend trade assurance as it posts payments real time
Probably half if not more of the inquiries I put in for more details on products messaged back with prices that were different than advertised. Also, shipping is crazy expensive, which I understand there is a lot that goes into the process to receive packages and products from overseas, but still, probably 80% of the time, especially with expedited shipping if you don't want your orders to come in a month or longer(most often)  to be delivered, shipping costs more than the products ordered.
I  don't know what the expo is about
It's ok !
safety and quality of product
?
Because all your manufacturers dont get back very well and lie
Customer service for buyers is not good.
I have no idea what March Expo is. I am sorry!
good for business
Safety
will recommend
need not actual help for mutual business.
Peace of mind is the main reason I would refer friends/ associates to Trade Assurance.
I have no reason
the service is good especially for small business owners.
Prompt service and great quality as advertised
I have been using this plataform for a short time but by the moment i hightly recomendo to use trade asurance always
I have not placed my purchases due to March Expo, so I would neither recommend nor not recommend. I am sure I will have more of an opinion if I ever place an order due to March Expo.
n/a
If I bought and I arrived quickly, it was fine
no reason
No sabria decir
Provide lots of business opportunities for smaller businesses
The " New Buyer Free shipping " did not work for my first order.
Easy to find good supplier
I placed an order with Foshan Puertana company,  Mr. Ellio Lee is not professional. dont return call  after 30 days when i asked why my order is not ready telling me to cancel the orde.. dose not return or reply to call or messages.
I mean, I'm happy and I appreciate your Alibaba the first time I bought it the first time I ordered my Xiaomi
No comment
The prices mentioned are not correct. When you are trying to make an order, you're getting much more higher prices. The problem comes from sellers.
no any reason to not recommend
NA
no reason
No have comment yet because no have idea for the March Expo promotion
Tracking shipment information not good.
The Trade Assurance service works unclear, slow.
My experience wasn't good
I like the assurance and coverage. Since I have a dispute in progress I will have to wait for the outcome before I make a judgment.
no information received
March Expo: The coupons are low and the requirements are too high $$
the website interface is so complexed. I am so confused what to click or how to respond to the bidders.
no apply
Getting shipping tracking information was very difficult. Shipment stalled for weeks w/o communication
none
No idea
Need to see free shipping and more affordable shipping options
Communication with the companies was good. It was easy to place the orders and the shipping went very well.
customer service did not respond to my refund
n/a
Great place to source product.
I'm not sure what exactly these are. I typically contact the seller through alibaba to negotiate a better price than is listed on the alibaba site. Then the seller will create an order.
Great and Safe Service
its good
Didn't really see anything different than normal.
very good service, shipping, packing, quality of product is very high
I find the items well priced. The only thing that i would suggest is the minimum order on some things be a little lower for small business that don't need a lot of stock.
I ordered solar panels that arrived broken and after thorough testing they do not perform as advertised. I can not get any assistance and the seller does not want to help.
All of my orders with fast dispatch did not ship on time. I've especially had difficulty getting some orders shipped. Some supplier are giving the runaround. Some suppliers come back and say things are not in stock. Shipping is outrageous for even small orders. The fast dispatch guarantee--it didn't even allow me to make a claim. There was an error message every time. I buy often and I am finding it is better to go through Aliexpress, even though it may be more expensive. It seems more reliable and faster.
Represents total transaction security
I've never had a problem with my payment information being comprised.
Would tell people to use. Safe. Easy to use.
recomended.
good
On the grounds of New Buyer Free shipping, Fast Dispatch Guaranteed, On-Time Delivery Guaranteed, I would recommend. As for the payment systems, They all charge too much for conversions and transactions.
It's OK
Haven't really benefitted from it. Getting $10 off an order isn't very much.
The System automatically updates an order as received even though it's not!
I'm not sure what it is?
It's a great service which works seemingly
very good trade assurance service
NA
I would always recommend a friend to do business with Alibaba. The only other reason that I would not recommend a business friend is if they just want to get information without doing business with  Alibaba. In other words if they are not ready to do business. Because I love the process set up to meet the suppliers.
good
with the dispute policy and negotiations with vendors they informed us they didnt want material back for a reduced return and it should be done by the vendor  not the consumer.  I have 2 orders for refunds that both said they dont want product back but Alibaba is asking for package tracking and I have no way of providing the information.  Also, if I was to return the material in the dispute section I dont have a way to input the information.  Thanks Danny
no
none
The system had NO warnings until it was too late to extend the time that the order remain open. I had a CLOSED order weeks before I received the shipped goods.
Hello   I live in Brazil and use payment by bank slips, these payments are intermediated by the company Ebanx.  It happens that some payments made by me are refused (it is not the first that they refuse) and when they go to make me the refund they charge a high fee to return claiming that it is a difference of my real currency for the American dollar I think this is a theft because the The fee they charge for my money is absolutely abusive
I have to invest too many days checking daily the process. If I don't do that I lost my money. Like happen to me in my first order
I haven't started a dispute yet. But it looks like i will need to apply for a refund as my item still has not arrived after more than 60 days.
Good
Because trade assurante is just status. when i needed it it did not helped me
The dispute platform doesn't work!  We can't even send a dispute. It doesn't register once!  And if we use other ways to contact trade assurance, they say we have to send a dispute!
my only problem is website is have many issues, not user friendly to use, customer service is hard to access.
Alibaba platform is asking us to write a review even we have not received the goods we ordered (ref Order No. 64711919501027489). The order is still open/pending. Review can be written after we have received the goods in question. BR, Petri Huhtala | Terwamaraton | YMCA Oulu |  petri.huhtala@onmky.fi
I didn't recommend to use this service while dealing with unclear suppliers' whom can use this system to manipulate the buyers
Too complicated.
I have problems with my 2 orders.  The suppliers are not helping.
So far everything worked w/o problems, and I feel my money is safe when ordering.
It gives buyer guaranteed security and confidence when it comes to the issues of disputes between buyer and seller.
if something went wrong on the transaction after payment. the payment from the credit card is so fast but the refund takes so long. My credit card still hasnt updated my due payment for next month.
ok
N/A
It's a guarantee for buyers.
Peace of mind for buyers and sellers.
Chinese Seller wins every time no matter the overwhelming against the Chinese Seller. Chinese Seller could send an empty box, box full of trash, box full of scraps and the Chinese Seller still wins.
The best choice for various items
efficient and Thrustworthy
n/a
There is no way of communicating with anyone but a BOT
I would recommend trade assurance as it provided me a sense of security when I place an order with the supplier.   It reassure me that I could get my money back if I do not get the goods or the expected quality I want and it provided me with a peace of mind into doing business with the supplier on Alibaba.com.
I love your services. I have had one dispute that worked out. I love Alibaba overall.
Safe transactions
secure
its safe
If an item arrives damaged this is not the customer's responsibility. The supplying company should claim off its own insurance for the damage to their shipped item providing details of damage has been supplied by the receiving customer and confirmed by both parties that damage occurred in transit.  Customer is immediately refunded so he is able to either re-purchase or feels free to search ALIBABA for another supplier.
easy to work with.
Happy with service
We have two disputes and many problems with this , sometimes ( sorry for sincerity ) I thought even to resign from contracts by alibaba ( some suppliers want it also , if I must be sincerity ) and try other escrow payment possibility.
I would recommend Trade assurance because it gives a sense of security and peace of mind.
Very easy to maneuver.
Honesty and Integrity will make Ali Baba the top trading company in the world.
I would recommend trade assurance because is easy and safe
Order placement and notifications are trustworthy and up to date.
So far the relations with people and the trade is OK. But it's hard to buy specific items when the transport fee it's equal with the cargo price or higher.
I would recommend trade assurance. However, as the product goes directly to the distributor, I do not see the final quality of the product being sold. A longer trade assurance time would be better, there should be say 3-6 months when a complaint could be made to Alibaba. A great amount of my stock was not perfect, but nothing can be done about it. I have given the manufacturer another chance, but would feel more secure making the purchase under some quality guarantee.
At this moment I am new at this platform. So when i gotmore expierence, I can tell more about it.
Overall process went smoothly, only complaint is that I thought it was a bit tricky to find descriptions/details on what was required to complete each step of the order process
Will tell others since it is helpful
it says i can get refund, but no amount reflected on my account
Very satisfied
I would recommend it, due to orders from new manufactures.
I do recommend it. I had an order that still hasn't arrived even though they said it would be here weeks ago and the website said it was delivered. I also didn't get any type of tracking information. I'm still satisfied overall and appreciate the ability to work directly with suppliers.
It is very easy to use.
No is ok.
it provides protection against fraudsters
I've had great experiences with it thus far.
EN una ocasión recibí un paquete equivocado y no pudieron hacer nada para solucionarlo.
-
I would recommend
Sins November 16-2020 witch I purchased a Radiator fan (Order Number: 61601059001020347Order Date: 2020-11-16 18:43:04) to now still I am waiting to receive the package but nothing happened my car stock in the parking however I try to track the order number to find some clue but I was unable to do anything. I paid for Fan $198+ shipping $114 in total $312 Cyrus Kasray cyrus@amateam.com, Paid by M-C 17-11-2020 18-11-2020 WWW.ALIBABA.COM LONDON GBR $333.80 2021-01-30 16:17 Dear Amanda Please respond my demand 2021-01-30 16:15 InquiryID: 101143226940  Brand New Radiator Fan For MERCEDES BENZ 2205000093 A22005000093 Car Accessories Customize OEM Time Packing Package Weight  Cyrus Kasray cyrus@amateam.com, Paid by M-C 17-11-2020 18-11-2020 WWW.ALIBABA.COM LONDON GBR $333.80
the alibaba web site is not great.  I constantly have to keep logging in.  Message from suppliers do not appear in a timely manner, but the message is on my phone and not computer.  web site is poor.
It's very easy and efficient to work with
n/a
great service
great experience!
I will not recommend the service again to anyone.   There is no assurance that my dispute with the seller will be given attention. It is not fair. The Trade Assurance specialist requested proof from me, but nothing from the seller, then they closed my complaint. This is not how it's supposed to be. The seller and the buyer must both provide a proof. I feel that Trade Assurance is one way and gives importance to the seller only, not the buyer. I do not trust the Trade Assurance.
Easy to make payments, and track orders.
Alibaba is a great company, a lot of great sellers,  protect customers money and a lot of Sellers prices are reasonable. SO FAR SO GOOD!
I felt safe with my purchase in every moment.
Offers reassurance when placing orders from across the world that if the vendor does not provide the service I will get my money back - incredibly valuable when just starting out in global ecommerce.
I would recomend trade assurance
I paid with the card three weeks ago, and yet, it was declined for next payment under the same transaction a week later. I provided needed documents for a review and my card validation, but have no response since then.
security
Not sure who I would recommend it to?
I like it because it holds both parties accountable. I feel safer spending my money on this site (of course with some supplier research), this is because if there is a problem Alibaba can step in and settle it rather than going back and forth between seller and consumer. I have not had any problems at all on Alibaba, everyone I have dealt with is extremely polite and helpful. I also use aliexpress and I have run into some issues on there but all of them have worked out as they should have, even where they settle the case and split it between me and the seller which is fair.
So fare i am happy with the Alibaba platform. And everything is set out well
I am very satisfied. Where they can improve is where a customer e.g. DHL and a manufacturer charges uses Aramex but had charged for DHL. That is probably a set back but overall with the manufacturers I have interacted with before, I am satisfied.
some times some suppliers supply us with fake goods but there is no places to report them
Trade assurance is reliable
I will recommend to other, like I told for first person to how trade
The orders from China is perfect process however if you buy from countries other than China there is no protection. I have dispute / problem with one of the sellers from Estonia.
Not Clear about it, must be have the trade Assurance Service in youtube(if)
Trade assurance is a very good idea and helps to build trust. But it has to work as an assurance when you really have a problem. Disputes take very long, and as they were not solved we have had no support by the assurance.
I Haven?t have any dispute, but i don?t understand for example, how i could get money back or some compensatition if goods reach to us not in good conditions, or the goods we receive are not exactly we have ordered. If you explain to us, will help to trust more or not. it is like with shipment, services, many people offering DDP services, but we don?t have clear if these includes custom taxes and VAT, or if we shoudl pay anything extra for get goods. And if these goods arrive to us with all include, how we could justify if there is an inspection? We don?t know which is the custom declaration for these goods.....
It's not useful, and despite the representative being made aware of my situation, there were no good options to fix my problem. I'm on the verge of writing Alibaba off, and I'm unsure how or why anyone would want to use Alibaba's services.
I will because I have tried it once
Because it assures the full support of Alibaba in case of any issue. Excellent feature!
no object
I recomend Alibaba is secure honest and your money is safety i love ALIBABA good expirience
-
suck
Excellent product
El servicio es muy profesional, y estoy satisfecha con todas las compras.
the service is pretty good the only things i did not enjoy was that one package smelled of fish. Also the communication is a bit slow. service is great enough during these times.
Use trade assurance is very safe and satisfactory.
Simple and esay
It safeguards my investment until I receive the product.
I have not had problems
I would recommend as many of the Chinese suppliers are fraudulent and are always giving inferior goods.  While I may not always be satisfied with the outcome that is the only way we can protect ourselves by using Trade assurance.  But a lot of them are dishonest and they sell inferior products knowing that the goods are cheap.  These persons should be investigated and banned when they are brought to your attention.
I would recommend because you guys are very reliable... shipment is late or not what was not expected, I am guaranteed my money back without conviction.
I would recommend it, because to my understanding, if there are any issues with my purchase, I will receive help from Alibaba to resolve.
I dont have anyone
Dear , your clients need to be clear for buying products
I always feel a little iffy with the sellers and the company I am in contact with. I noticed that there are companies that use promo pictures that are not theirs. I see that they display their certificates and business information, but it would be nice if there was a verification from this service that can give the buyers reassurance that we are dealing with safe sellers.
Good Product. Picture portrays what was actually shipped to me.   Thanks!
no
more security
I recommend Trade Assurance Service, it is very usuful. Of course I am goint to recommend Alibaba
Trade assurance protects me from risks associated with working with companies in a far away country.
I am a permanent customer with Alibaba by virtue of long experience, their services were wonderful, financial dealings are safe, and follow-up to suppliers is excellent. thank you
I have not yet had a case where I have used Trade Assurance.
It's a 'showcase' for new buyers but in the end buyer is always 'wrong' and suplier (Chinese company's also) are always right... so good looking marketing tool that is worth nothing...
I have not had to use it, as far as now, but generally, the terms that we mostly agree with the sellers are mostly different in the agreements. From my short experience with Alibaba, I can see that if the sellers can get away with writing the wrong information in the agreement, most of the times they will. For example, I always start negotiations with asking if they offer DDP shipping. Then we negotiate further. At the end of it, the sellers never put DDP in the agreement, I always have to ask them to correct it. Also, when talking about lead times and delivery times, I ask at the beginning what they are. And somehow, when we talk 7-10, the sellers always put 30-45 days in their agreements. And again i have to ask them to correct it.
I give me security over all my purchase
Supplier customer service is horrible. Im only going to continue to do business because my customer appreciates the products!
How to import be machine, like rice mill combine, rice transplanter
You can not tell if you are dealing with a manufacturer, or a distributor.
it's good to have, at the moment i don't have enough experience to give opinion.
Genera confianza para realizar las transacciones
Verified sellers on the site, follow up on inquires and messages. Secure payment process.
never have problem with Alibaba
long way to Europe
i would recomend because of the follow up and update on the order process.
I would recommend. Excellent service and good quality.
Reassuring process overall. Brings confidence in doing business so far away from us...
That is very easy.
because i ordered a shipment and the seller made the status completed   even that it didn't get shipped
good workers
All good
good services but try to find out the cheater who are still getting order at Ali Baba platform
Trade assurance is recommended because it is trust worthy plat form
would recommend for protection
where is jack ma ?
This system is a scam and does not work
Very easy to use!
I recommend trade assurance service because is the key in business
NO
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as I believe it is a safe way to make payments to your supplier. You are protected and covered of any issues that need to be raised.
Decision making is very easy because information is thorough.
very fast processing
I am being charged high US Dollar when I have selected AUD and this gives seller and alibaba more of my money, this is very dishonest. I won't be ordering again.   I have already spent $3304.68 and this is not the price it should be, but you charge me in US dollar and I told them AUD and I select AUD
Quick, reliable, and responsive.
trade is good however, the fees are high.
Hi find this service very good, there are so many suppliers on Alibaba it is really hard to define who can provide the services.
This is because the rules in the Trade Assurance concerning settlement for low quality items does not favour buyer. If your is low in quality you are on your own to loss the amount invested. Fraudster, I will see are most of the sellers.
I feel secure with trade assurance service
Would recommend as Trade Assurance makes me more comfortable buying from an overseas supplier as a small business.
The reason we are using the Alibaba Trade Assurance, because in your advertisement, you assure buyers with on-time ship date and product quality. The supplier has failed on both and still you are not keeping your promise of protecting us as a buyer or refuse to keeping them accountable. Please stop advertisements that are enforceable. I strongly would not recommend anyone to use Trade Assurance because obviously they are biased toward the supplier. Extremely disappointed with the way the agent has been handling the case. She override the contract based on some random Alibaba conversation that the supplier cut and paste. In what universe a contract has less validity than conversations. No one twisted the supplier arm to sign the contract. We paid based on the terms of our agreement and now an unfair agent take their side. I believe someone needs to monitor the work of your agents. The one I am dealing with Shery, is very unreasonable.
Seller send items (shipping take 40 days)/ protection close in 30 days. im check items find faulty products (many) (50days past from order date) and i cant open dispute to refund money! also i cant leave feedback!
Added peace of mind
i will recommend trade assurance service because makes you feel dealing with suppliers
In the dispute the customer opinion is not important for alibaba
It provides another layer of PROTECTION to make sure all parties are happy with final product before funds are released.   It also applies another layer of accountability on manufacture.   The only thing I would wish for in better service from Alibaba, is better availability and ease of speaking with or chatting with Alibaba in reference to concerns and options available to us as customers.    TY  M Designs  would be better availability and ease to talk to Alibaba about concerns
so far it seems that it is protecting me from receiving bad products, or products that are different from what was ordered.
Reasons above
Does not apply
I will not recommend the alibaba service because it is not clear  and there is no communication with them.   and I think it's lamentable that he still favours the Chinese company
The link in the email when placing an order goes straight to payment. It should go to the contract first (payment, terms, etc). Second step is to check off a box to go to next screen. Then last thing is to go to payment screen. Where to click and what to click is not intuitive.
Hi, I receive an invoice but without freight charges.  I need full amount for my accounting.  Best regards
I  ACTUALLY thjink this ASSURANCE is VERY IMPORTANT but NO money release before the buyer confirm receive of the shipment. In my case My money has been released but I have note received it still.
So far only one vendor out of four refuse to ship to me in Guam, but on their info page they stated that they ship to the United States. After much text message back and forth I finally gave up.
Safe
as it is a little complicated for me to do so, we prefer traditional way
lo consiglierei assolutamente. E' UN BENE AVERLA PER CHI COMPRA SU ALIBABA. Vuol dire che ce piu' responsabilita'.
GREAT SYSTEM AND SAFE CONSUMER
dont know
i recomand it because its the only the unique insurance between supplier and customer
I haven't had a issue yet.  With your other platform AliExpress it is not very good.  Example I had a vendor change the tracking number via messaging and when after waiting 3 months I put in a dispute it was rejected because the tracking they first entered showed delivered.  Was delivered to a different state and I have lots of messages back and forth with the supplier but no way to include this or restart the dispute.  Vender said they would reship but still 2 months and nothing.  That is one of the bigger issues.  I find most suppliers are good so far on both but have to be careful.
We see that you are very professional. Thank you for your services.
Never've got an answer for my problem.
No complaints - it's an easy process
I would recommend it because it provides, trust.
it is safe for not losing money to fake sellers.
Trade assurance helps in keeping peace of mind
i would recommend it because you're getting what you asked for directly with being safe.
Trade assurance is good
Seamless and painless transactions with the comfort of a guarantee.
Security of purchasing is much better with an assurance. Therefore, I recommend it.
I would recommend it because the vendors communicate well with you and make sure you are pleased with everything before going further with the order.
In America, many people are nervous to do business with China because you never know how good the company and product or service will be. I recently ordered laser cut LED wedding invitations and they were absolutely beautiful and perfect. The company was excellent to deal with, very quick to respond, and easy to work with. I will absolutely recommend them to all of my family and friends.
variety of products and suppliers.
Im a Mexican businessmen thats always look different kind of products around de world, Alibaba is a perfect structure to make good purshases
none
competition
I think Alibaba is sometime in favour of seller
He encontrado mercancía adecuada para mi negocio
I did not say I would not...
I have only used the dispute process once.  The showed clear evidence that the manufacturer willfully disregarded my requests and negligently packed my products.  In a case of 100 bottles, there were numerous cases where entire rows were missing bottles.  The cases were supposed to include the caps in which this was discussed with the supplier and they did not.  It is my opinion that Trade Insurance helps to keep some manufacturers from making mistakes, but I currently do not trust Trade Insurance to side with me as a buyer regardless of the evidence I provide.
I would recommend it since we are protected in the process of buying items, providing us with a list of suppliers that comply with guarantees. in my case suppliers that do not comply with what they promise us, articles that do not fulfill what was promised, scams, bad products.
peace of mind and quality of products
doesn't do anything
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it allows to secure the shipments.
Szybka i skuteczna dostawa .
Very efficient and effective.
si lo recomendaria por que es un metodo de pago seguro
I would recommend because it is useful as trustworthy system. Because of trade assurance is more easily buy products.
n/a
no
alibaba doesnt protect to buyer, only for supplier
Alibaba's strong brand presence is the reason I recommend the service. I haven't had to use it myself, but knowing that Alibaba is involved gives me great confidence. If a supplier under Alibaba's wing was not representing the brand, due to behaviour, poor product or compliance purposes that Alibaba would take action to make sure it met there standards to customers. It's the loyalty.
The entire dispute process appears to not be buyer friendly and the buyer is left with very little explanation on the entire process.  the entire process is very unclear and complicated.
I'm still not good using it coz i'm still confuse with it
Everything good
No comment
my recommendation is to be carefull when dealing with overseas, any platform
To have an extra guarantee on the order of the items considering the investment commitment.
fast simple good
Great price on bulk, and very fast over seas shipping!
Peace of mind that order will be delivered and reputable source seller.
I would reccomend, because it is an assurance for the buyer to arrange orders smoothly and safe.
no coment
I really like the Trade assurance policy. It gives customer a huge confidence when ordering goods with the platform.  Issue was that, Dispute claims are not handled as explained in the policy and there is no evidence to suggest that Alibaba service is cross checking evidence provided by both parties. Sellers are allowed to submit evidence which are deem to untrue and seller are not questioned about delays and possible discrepancies before the outcome.
Because the goods take longer to arrive and I am no longer covered by Trade Assurance.
Trade assurance was great with my first claim but I'm unsure of the 2nd claim and I have lost money due to the short supply from the supplier.  I paid the extra for the goods to be checked by Alibaba but that didn't help me at all because only 2 items were checked for quality. Inspector signed that the quantities were correct according to my order and quantities were not correct.  I ended up paying customs duty on items I didn't receive, so the service I paid for was a waste of money.
Its difficult to get customized items because of the language barrier.
Trade assurance is ok. But i think customers need to know what they stand to gain by using trade assurance and how they are protected by scammers on the site
yuo are blockt my account i don't now why. You interfere with work without any explanation. ......
I would recommend the service, however I emphasize the time to clear customs and actually receive product is long with express shipments.  Customers should not have to wait as long  as we do since the customer is paying the higher rates for faster shipping.
trade assurance is a good step to protect us from scam suppliers but in order to efficient the system you must remove the unverified supplier from the website.
The trust that Alibaba provides, the support it provides when making purchases from companies that one does not know from distance. definitely recommend it
not used to it
There is no way to return products! Alibaba sides with the sellers and leaves the buyer exposed!!
Its easy and safe. Security for both seller and buyer
It is not that I wouldn't recommend Trade Assurance Services, it is sometimes cumbersome.
I think it was a very simple to use.
It was the dispute resolution process and updating the order when the shipment has yet to be received.
I have only used it for 2 serious orders and so far have not had an issue. So the lack of experience with it is why I might not recommend it.
Works great!
great service
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service, I'm just not too much satisfield with some dispute because get to long time. I wish Alibaba.com get a better service about this.
Money from credit card
Polly was professional and very accommodating .  I cannot thank her enough.
Really easy and seamless to use and provides peace of mind.
simple and easy
I am very satisfied
I would recommend because of ease of use, product availability. Downside is length of time it takes to get product and cost of shipping etc. It can be cost prohibitive.
I was cheated by supplier and Customer service couldn't even handle simple case. They mixed my failed order with some goods which were postponed for next delivery. Because of it I lost 952USD and I hope Alibaba will learn lesson and refund me this amount.
too complicated compared to other methods just to get samples of product.
Great service
Extra level of security, important when no relationship between buyer and seller exists.
It is an excellent option for trading
I haven't tested it yet.
.
I would recommend it because I trust Alibaba's fairness.
N/A
very good
payment often blocked by American bank service.
Will definitely recommend. We do not do orders without it.
I have used it several times and all transactions have been easy.
awesome and easy
encouraged to trade assurance to guarantee genuine and safe products
because alibaba always rules on favor of the seller
no
Easy access to Chinese suppliers with slightly better assurances.
The dispute team never solved my problem till now.
I would recommend.
Should be e member that only one person in one company as buyer.
Various procedures are easy.
Some time ago I made a couple of purchases (machinery and another product) by this means, it went well, but today I am in a dispute process with a company for a very small purchase and they do not resolve correctly, good experiences and also bad experience The process was deceptive. I think i lost my money.
Overall ease and transparency in the process.
I would recommend trade assurance because we can fully secure our order.
NOT GOOD .
I RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE ITS SAFE AND FAST
communication is great. good way of tracking packages and secure payments
pesimo producto, no hay garantia
I have only used it a couple times, but so far it has worked fine and there have not been any issues.   I do wish that you could use PayPal as a payment method.  I primarily use Paypal for inventory purchases, and would like to be able to use PayPal as the method of payment for my orders.
When dealing with businesses in another country, it can be scary to put trust in companies you don't know yet. Alibaba gives us a way to hold these companies accountable for their actions, gives us a way to compare them, find multiple sources, ways to rate their services and quality, as well as protections! And in business, these things are all PRICELESS! Alibaba makes it easier to do business and to find the partners we need to succeed. Thank you, Alibaba!
No
recommend
I still don't understand it 100%
Recommend for buyer protection.
I like the user friendly interface Alibaba has compared to others and so far the samples purchased are nice quality for my business.
My main problem is most suppliers use everyone else's pictures and I can't determine who is the actual manufacturer.  They can all "make it for me"  which is not what I want.  If I am ordering larger quantities, I want to order from the original manufacturer.  Also, most use digitally corrected images which makes it difficult to see the real appearance.  This is deceiving and makes it difficult for me to have confidence enough to order larger quantities on my first order.
I'll recommend it cause it's simple, easy and cheep.
what happened if i received the goods and it takes me 2 month for me to sell it, in this time i have good feedback from clients that start to return units because its broken, or its low quality?? where is the assurance? sellers have its money and you lost money. Alibaba is not the same as used to be..
Easy to get what you want in a timely manner.
There is no transparency and ability to escalate. The process of arbitration is unclear.
I have peace of mind when placing orders with new suppliers whom I have not done business before so that I know I can remove the "risk" from a riskier order and ensure the sellers end of the bargain is upheld otherwise they will not receive their payment.  surprise- not all people believe in honor anymore. trade assurance helps me weed out any business entity who does not meet standards of Alibaba's and good business practices as they will refuse or avoid using trade assurance knowing their product will not meet buyers standards and they will be held to scrutiny for these actions.
shipping takes too long
I would recommend, due to good pricing and items. There is a possibility you could get scammed so make sure to verify!
it was at the end mucho convenient than use a LOC from a bank, and much  less complicate
NA
It is useless.
For the process of buying items.
Great experience so far
I have received all the products I wanted as described.
It is hard to use since there are no help features.  I have been marked as spam and have been blacklisted and I have no idea why or how to find out why.
sertifika konusunda daha iyi durumda olabilirdi
More secure
.
I recommend it because it is very reliable
jj
Simple to work with. Need to shop for shipping prices in the future.
The best Trade Assurance Service for the global transactions, easy to pay and smooth transactions. For any transaction, you can be assured with Alibaba and Alibaba will back you up. I strongly recommend Alibaba, no question about it.
I will recommend .
I would recommend because that is fast, safely and allow to find new suppliers easier
You are in a safe spot than!
todo okok
Does not apply
because the suppliers post false information on the advertisement. once goods are recieved, buyer must proove items are false and do not meet the advertisement. i spent 3 months geting a settlement and lost 20-30% of my money just to finish the dispute. false advertising is a big problem on alibaba
THe seller told me that the scratches were minor enough that i could sell them . My dad does this for a living and most people wont buy it if it has one scratch. I will not order sunglasses from here again. It is very hard to take pictures of glasses due to the shine. I should not have be forced to sell glasses at a discounted price . I am just starting out and i will not sell damaged good. I would have sent them back if i did not have to pay shipping.
Provides safe way to order necessary components without worry.
not applicable
I am trying to get refund
Hassle free... all the way to my door
Order specifications were not to my satisfaction.
It's been a very positive experience. It's very easy to navigate. Alibaba has been very helpful in settling disputes.
Crystal, the representative is being really unfair in my dispute.  My case is really clear cut case, but she is taking the seller's side.
It's safe and fair for both buyer and seller
the chat feature is too slow. It does not upload fast enough the responses with mac computer using wifi.
Sellers can still scam buyers - they send faulty goods knowing the return cost is too big and force the buyer into keeping the goods at a discount.
As above. My suppliers send to forwarder and that takes 30 to 60 days. So orders should not finalize till that delivery via sea shipment is finished.  Your payment fees for bank transfer are WAY too high. It used to be FREE.
I am feeling safe that my money is not cheated.  Afterall, I have not even visited the factory when I made my purchase decision before paying tens of thousands of dollars to the factory.  It is really unthinkable to do trade without assurance.  It would be also tremendously costly for me to visit so many factories just to place an order.
The process is very easy and secure
not yet..
all ok
I would recommend because of money safety, security and guarantee,
no authentication
I have bought from Alibaba for some time, but lately with my last purchases I have had a very bad treatment from the sellers, I am currently in a dispute where everything that the seller uploads is unfair since they want to refund what they want When I pay much more, also in the part of the platform in the dispute, only the seller can upload information and I can no longer attach evidence that what is happening is unfair, I believe that Alibaba should not have sellers like those. They take advantage of situations and are very good at receiving money but not at solving problems.
I was sold fault led light and sellers are jerking me around and wony replace it... I even sent them a video!
easy to use
Because it is useless, my supplier took advance and never shipped the products, no recourse.
Easy process that works great for our needs.
I would because there are ways to dispute in  case something goes wrong
it's proof of purchase/order secure, and helpful in disputes
Dispute process terms get change in the middle of a dispute to give the manufacturer the advantage.  The communication is sorely lacking as well.
Many items had damaged on delivery. But the insurance company did not guarantee because it was below the deductible amount.
So far all the process could run smoothly
It's excellet, total recommend
I recommend Trade Assurance Service, but I'm very disappointed with customer service during the process, especially because my first time when I used!   Customer Service is most effective when I really need
Yes
Very organized and straight to the point
Only issue to repeat myself is, the lack of tracking. However, I am aware of the current challenges in shipping to USA.
The whole process is a mess. starting with what the vendors are selling, to the order process. I know you can do better. you would do much if you streamlined the process and made it simpler.
NA
I would always recommend trade assurance as its the safer way to buy
Some are slow at shipping product after I purchase. I have to wait 8 weeks after it has been shipped as it is, so waiting a month for them to even start to ship is frustrating. It turns into waiting 3 months for my orders. Also shipping rates are ridiculous on some.
high transaction fee.
It seems to be hard to get them to create an order.  Once the order is created I've had bad luck when they ship.  I get messages wanting more money for customs or some other excuse for me to send more money.  Admittely I need to learn the trade insurance aspect of Alibab so I don't get ripped off.
You don't actually offer any protection and your sellers build in tricks to the agreements to avoid being responsible. Broken system.
Delivery deadlines for orders are not met. The order is listed as completed, although this is not true. Very, very poor quality of service!
It gives me a lot of security, I feel protected
NA
I recommend Trade Assurance Service because it gives me additional secure and transparency in my orders and my suppliers.
Cannot pay with credit card. Very inconvenient and annoying with no resolve.
It is very importante that the chinese suplier provide to transport company all the information about customer, mainly telephone and email
Shipping was fast, excellent customer service by Alina, everything delivered exactly as I ordered. Loved how Alina made sure I was getting the color that I expected.
efficient fast and friendly. competitive prices.  great service
I have never had any problems and always been happy with trade assurance service.
Filing a dispute and providing documentation of actions that already took place on Alibaba is too manual
I trust in alibaba.com. I had no problems along all the time i have ordered by this site.
Some suppliers are very professional and deliver on time without any hassles.
Everyone around the world have to obey the law and regulations. I am satisfied with my previous order which was my first.
I have only placed a couple of orders via Alibaba. While both have gone fairly straight forward from asking for a quote to paying to delivery I still feel a little nervous
not recommend, cause expensive transaction fees
It is just safer
I would prefer to receive some pictures of the final product before packaging and shipping
For me trade assurance, work if seller want.
I have no reason
They don't resolve our case
where are my items
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service as I believe the suppliers deliver a higher quality service/product.
trying to resolve payment issues is impossible. No one to talk to. Just computer generated responses that lead no where.
everything ok, good experience
Great experience so far. Great quality in products and in the case with a delivery issue there was great trade assurance support. Thank you very much.
i recomend this is good
Time is too limited. And then you aouto approve delivery without asking buyer before hand.
you can be sure to get that you order
I would recommend it in terms of placing and paying for the order but it seems that after the order is placed there is not much that the TAS does for me. Or at least that I am aware of.
It is easy to use and safe.
I have not had the chance to try it out as yet so therefore I cannot comment on this feature
I would recommend due to ease of use
We had our account suspended because of an alleged non payment of $1200 from last year,   When we clicked to  see the dispute via email through the link that was sent to us, nothing appeared and we could not respond to the dispute, therefore our account was closed, we have screenshots and tried to explain alibaba customer service that we could not see it and showed screenshots but nothing happened.
Me as the buyer i feel safe purchasing from Alibaba with trade assurance and the quality of goods
The dispute process was done in chinese, in dont speak chinese,  The supplier blamed us for the equipment malfunction, your agent did not read the conversations on the messageboard, we did all conversation on the message board to avoid problems in case of a dispute, the supplier tried contacting us several times off the message board. Finally the supplier realized the equipment had indeed a defective part, and suddenly it was no longer our fault, but the dispute agent always was biased on the suppliers side.  Never took the buyers word .
I feel very safe
It cost me a lot of time to negotiate with the seller with poor resolution, after speaking directly with alibaba agent to resolve it, it went a little bit better, but still poor experience.
Good service and quality products.
Alibaba auto receives your goods on your behalf based on time. This is not necessary,  auto receiving should be linked to tracking so that it is auto received when someone actually receives.  I disputed this with Alibaba representatives and they had no authority (or will) to correct the issue.  They told me that my trade assurance coverage was only good until 30 days after auto receive, which does not accurately reflect the terms of the agreement.  This cause worry as the product may not even be receive within that time. If they can not resolve a very simple request to update the receiving time to be extended then I do not believe that they will do anything in the event I need to make a claim(damaged or missing goods).  If they can not do something so easy then I believe they will not help in the event of a real dispute.  I am currently worried that a $15000 shipment will not arrive in time and will not be proper and will lead to dispute.  The tracking says the boxes are empty too...
none
It's a great source I highly recommend.
I would recommend it because the process is smooth and easy
Was not helpful in resolving an issue with a business.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it gives me a sense of security that if something goes wrong I have a way to proceed to resolution.
good service
It is very good. I am not complaining yet. I am just telling you my concern. I am sure my current dispute will be OK.   Also, the DELETE button needs to work 100%. It is too confusing when you have so many messages. Alibaba is EXCELLENT there are just some small problems with it. And as I said CHINA makes EXCELLENT products so I hope Alibaba continues for a long time. Thank you, Chris
I have ordered on 20th November and still no progress in the end of January. Despite numerous reminders to seller, there is no hope of getting my shipment on time. I have wasted my time, my company's time and my buyer's time. So, I wont recommend Alibaba to anyone as it isn't the faster and reliable way.
The only method of payment is wire transfer which is costing more to do. US banks charge 15-20 USD per transfer. Its unconventional and inconvenient for buyers who is starting up a business
?
the reason is simple, you make your purchases secure
Sometimes there are suppliers who are not so nice in communication. Also sometimes not so proffesional. What I mean is when I ask something they react very short or don't read my whole message.
is good
I would recommend for safety. I prefer that a third party handling process as we don't know each other
I didn't have any issues with Trade Assurance yet..
everything came in perfect condition in about 1 month
Simply means you dont have to keep chasing , especially whe ndealing with people you have never before.
The language barrier is very complicated.  The supplier are very shady and Alibaba does not police very well.  It is very difficult to find an honest supplier.
Alibaba is not checking certain stores to check if they are actual businesses.
n/a
Dispute is not a mutual agreement but rather the sole decision of Alibaba.
It works for both sides.  That's all we really need to expand global business.
I would for peace of mind
jjkjkjkkk
Great Website
The the items received had a strong  smell to them.
its a safer way to purchase big amounts
never used it
recomiendo mucho la plataforma de Alibaba por ser eficiente y tener un muy buen manejo en sus servicios. seguiré comprando
Is a good service.
Yes i can confirm i am happy with Trade Assurance Service, and thank you alibaba,    yes i will recormmend another business owners and my customers goods are high quality from you,? and to other people, thank you, kind regards to everybody from William from the uk
It good product
Product offerings are good. My order was placed and process as expected
its fast
i ordered 10   ---  10 ml  vials  of  test e and test c  , 6 vials did not have labels
Many great products
I have not received my order yet and got an  email from you that says;  We acknowledge that you are satisfied with the shipping information for the Trade Assurance Order 66519094501028992 (as you neither confirm the shipment nor request a refund within the given time period).  Now we suppose the goods shipment has been completed, and the supplier’s Assurance Amount of 58.50 for this order has been unfrozen.  this is totally unacceptable as I'm expecting delayed in post service due to covid 19. tribble experience and would not place any further order with you!
I have been using Trade assurance for 1 and half years now. I haven`t had any negative experiences with it. Overall it seems very good system and bring some trust and certainty in international business fairs.
ES DIDACTICO
the platform is very well but some sellers say anything to sell and after they change time delivery and quality
I WOULD RECOMMEND IT FOR ALL WHO LIKE US TRADE FROM THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WORLD WITH CHINA IS THE BEST WAY TO MAKE A BET ON NEW AND BETTER PROVIDERS.
Fantastic
Most vendors asks for full payment up front, so the "Pay Later" option doesn't make sense.  Difficult to understand shipping fees to decide whether or not it is fair and reasonable. Vendors push aggressively for payment, but once payment is confirmed, it takes a while to get tracking info.  Vendor should convey process flow after payment to set expectation up front on turn-around time.
Safe, Huge options of products, prices are acceptible.
I have not used it I am awaiting the seller to sort out all the issues created which I don't believe will be sorted......
ok
I have no reason to not recommend
it is good service
The best service
You say that if the order is not what you expect then you get a full refund - I was given fake items but only got a partial refund.........I will not buy again
.
your system have automatically confirmed that the order is received while i haven't still received it. the third reason is the freight forwarder and seller. They don't give me the information of the expenses that i should pay when the order will be at Port. And i have found out about those expenses like CIFS (that i have never heard before) only after the freight was at the port. The expenses amount was 1407.02 USD i wanted the freight forwarder to explain me what does this cost include, but at first they refused pretending me to send the freight documents to the shipping company. So this include such expense like CISF that i have heard at the first time. Also they have sent the freight with the uknown Ukrainian company which does't have the contact phone number so it was impossible to contact them about anything, they answer only through mail and late. This Ukrainian company made me transfer money on Dubai offshore account.
i had the best experience ever with trade assurance. it gives me ease of mind
It gives me a feeling of security and assurance that suppliers should compy with reasonable requests and agreements
good suppliers
no have,
because we are in a pandemic and your failsafe processes should be updated to reflect that. I have had my items returned to Poland because there is national lockdown in the UK. Ihave no idea when or whether i will even receive the items but your automatic system says i have received the items. this is completely false and this will give sellers the ability to choose not refund items if they wish to.  Also, i can't even request for refund and buy from another supplier becase they will all have the same issues delivering to the UK. And i need the items so i'm just stuck at the moment. You are just making it very easy for small businesses like mine to fail even before it can even begin.
i like it as i use it very well
It gives you the assurance that you will get your money back if seller is misrepresenting the product.
Can ensure secure transaction with supplier
I warmly recomend trade assurance because is safe
Great effective service and feedback
safe to make a payment
is good
Its handy
The whole process is clear, good and reliable. Except if I have a problem with a supplier.
Excelente.
I have had ledgit disputes where i was clear on ordering and the seller would get around sending me correct product because they know ways around the system.  on your app, when they update contracts, it does not send details, and the seller always says "they are updating the shipping times" but sometimes they are updating the product the customer receives.  from time to time, this has happened and i have accepted the update only to find out my dispute is rejected because they know a way around your system to change the order and get around me being able to complete a dispute.  it is utterly useless to have trade assurance with the ability for the sellers to do what they are doing.
Highly recommend
High fees
better than amazon just try to work on real time shipping efforts with buyers then your GOLDEN!!!
Seems like a safer way to shop, however, I do not see an easy way to navigate the trade assurance feature. I tried to use it in the past with a different account but I couldn't understand the process
some suppliers still dont comply
Easy to use, good communication
Product quality was very poor and it did not much to the description of the product.
I have never used it and do not have experience with it.
was please with my order
I like Trade Assurance but it is confusing with the rate exchange and how much is actually being taken out of my bank account. My last 3 orders were way off. The first 2 were fine. Also there is no number I can find to call or its hard to actual speak to a live person and not an autobot
Everything was amazing and easy.
I wpuldnt cause i paid for different only for some to tell me they didnt get or not information on my orders it bad. but i would recommend cause some are really great with getting you the product
It is secure
I ordered from 3 sellers and we collect in one place. Delaying of one seller put me and other sellers in very bad position. I'm not satisfied from that seller, but i had joint order and i cant split them in declaration. --------------------------------------- I'm new and I don't have experience in Trade Assurance yet.
It is simple to use and offers a variety of payment alternatives.
Safety of payments.
it is unfair and the supplier tricked me and said that the goods must look different when thy come i also never got all the colours i orderd and the alibaba trade assurance only aggrees with supplier
i didnt recieve an order and they are saying i did
Gigi My supplier she is so helpful and makes everything a smooth Transaction.  She is such a good person to work with and have full faith in her.  When she says she's going to do something she always gets things done fast.  Very reliable person to work with Thank you
Dispute with seller is not going smoothly
Because i?ve very safe money transaction providers,who are most cheaper. Your service is too expensive.Soory
they trick me, they sold products that work, and they refuse to refund me
I like Alibaba Trade Assurance service. I am protected by Alibaba and I like it.
no its fine with me
Unfriendly to those who don't know English  Supplier's business lies
its working as it should, no bugs or whatsoever
I would recommend it. I know it is easy and straight forward. Think of innovations to make it even better
The service and products are quality
Overall I would recommend it as it is a good business model with a lot of options for the consumer/ purchaser
I have specifically ordered 100pcs of counterclockwise lock. The 100pcs are all clockwise instead, now all the lock can't be used and supplier is not replying messages. What am i supposed to to do? I need a refund!
The Alibaba website is a mess. Needs a total redesign. Search is worthless.  Look at amazon.com. Do that.
Would recommend, because trade assurance keeps potential dishonest sellers and scammers away.
no
it doesn't protect the order during delivery. delivery can be for several months and you just say that i should wait
Works very easy
As a buyer, I like that it provides buyer-protection. I've been fortunate that all suppliers I have done transactions with have been very nice and helpful and transactions have gone smoothly.
i do not wish to specify
It gives me confidence that I am protected as a buyer to receive quality products from the suppliers especially when these are not tangible products for oversea customers
I have been using Alibaba for more than three years. All what I have bought from the suppliers on Alibaba up to now I have never been disappointed and I am very happy with their friendly welcoming and way doing business. Most of the suppliers I have deal with are very serious in their jobs. I have no doubt that this platform is among the best in the world.
no
I believe Trade Assurance helps keep the Supplier honest in dealing with the Buyer.
no
I would recommend the Trade assurance service for client protection, thank you
no comment
For more security and peace of mind that I won't get ripped off by a seller.
Haven't needed to use it yet but I trust that if I do need to, they will be on my side as a customer.
To complicated to lodge complaints.  Too hard to find order history to lodge a complaint.
The Trade Assurance service is a workhorse that takes a lot of the stress that comes with ordering in large quantity of product off of my shoulders. I know that when I place an order, I have nothing to worry about.
very good
The reason I will recommend Alibaba (which am already doing since my first experience in 2018) was that I bought over a 20ft container worth of goods from the comfort of my home without any hitch! I have done another 40ft last year and I have 2 pending 2 loads of 20ft containers to be shipped in the coming months. All my farm tools and accessories has been done on Alibaba. If I find your goods outside of Alibaba, I do insist on Alibaba order for security and assurance purpose.  Lastly, I have not had course to use the Dispute process, hence I chose it does not apply to me
N/A
Suppliers offer products with different characteristics and alibaba rules in their favor. Likewise, an order was stolen and I placed the dispute and imagine alibaba let them steal my order and did nothing to help me. I am here like in the sea of ??sharks, in order to place an order I must have everything insured and even so when the characteristics are not as requested, guess that Alibaba supports the seller for these bad practices; They offer a product at a price and when you go to buy it they are 5 times more expensive And again Alibaba does nothing.
Great to have a guarantee that trade and payment services are fully assured. Gives buyer much more confidence in using this feature
Have to jump many hoops to prove what the problem is
No, it gives me comfort
trade assurance does not exist
I THINK IT  WORD IT
Easy and secure way to communicate with my suppliers and pay them. Peace of mind. My experience has been great.
everyone very responsive and informative
The product made it from asia to my apartment. I am very satisfied with the seller.
Take too too long to solve the problem  and hard to receive a clear answer when you talk to live customer service. Need to speed process if all evidence are provided . Customer should  not wait  5 to 10 business day and after that waiting period customer receive same question to provide evidence again. Which ended to contact credit card to solve the problem and receive the refund
its easy to use.
Get better shipping and tracking on packages.
The protection closed before I received the goods, because that is a fixed delay, while the tracking was still displaying "in transit" and without asking me to confirm, therefore this insurance is completely useless.
It seems a good way for ordering without hassles
I have not had to claim under trade assurance, but it gives peace of mind
.
excellent service
safe, fast, convenient
Because it is good for business to all.
I had an issue with tracking my order and my supplier was not being clear about my product's whereabouts. I contacted Alibaba customer service and the rep said to contact the supplier myself....  I wish Alibaba had more control (direct communication) over the suppliers it hosts. Thank you Mitchell Lee
i cannot but it it amazing
everything is ok
uses Alibaba influence to persuade supplier cooperation
I will recommend trade assurance but certain things needs to be fixed
I haven't had a single issue with the Trade Assurance Service. I have received all of my products in a timely manner and nothing has gone wrong.
Ma commande s'est très bien passée et je sais que si j'avais eu un souci l'assurance aurait garanti mes achats.
disputes are not resolved, there is a huge risk..
It works great in general.   The dispute process is very good, we received a bad order, but the ability to dispute it allowed us to get our money back.
I would NEVER buy unless Trade Assurance. Hard to trust supplier if they don't have TA  So as I am based in Europe, this TA is very important to me when choosing supplier in China
Highly recommend excellent services of Alibaba
good
the tracking of orders is poor, the messaging is slow
Peace of mind to trade with your service providers
There's property damage.
Very good
n/a
Trade assurance is very good to ensure payment security between buyer and the supplier. I definitely recommend it.
N/A
good platform for making business
I appreciate your platform, thank you
I always go through trade assurance
the communication with the seller and fast delivery
I recommend Trade Assurance for its good security and it gives me security and confidence in my purchases
never recommend trade assurance . it is a lie , and never get right , they lie and do not accept any refund even with solid evidence . they support scam , and do not support buyer . very big loose and never will use trade assurance again . i will pay out of alibaba as not  protected anyway .
Dispute resolution 100% favors sellers  Trade Assurance is False Assurance. I do not think it provides any real assurance.
Fast shipping good quality items
I am really not dissatisfied with the breach of the arrival time of the merchandise. I am tired and bored that every time I order from a supplier they raise the cost of the freight. I find it an abuse at times. I would like to have the option of safe shipping by ship, which is slower but cheaper
Security.
The service level from the sellers is very slow, poor service
Have had experience with a dispute (goods did not arrive) that has been resolved. Makes it easier for me to do business with companies I don't know.
simple and clear
seller sometime sends bad quality and don't honor to send new replacement or give refund. In dispute alibaba takes the side of the seller to avoid returning the money back to the buyer
Everything worked very well.  Thank you.  I liked the tracking built into the platform.
everything is very good,
Good ervice
I would recommend the service, but as an english speaker with limited experience in international commerce it was difficult to navigate the online options.
I'm not familiar with this
All of my transactions have been very easy and enjoyable.
it is safe
The agent handling the dispute is incompetent.  A video clearly showing a machine malfunctioning with documentation of failed remedies suggested by the vendor is still not enough to determine a defect.  Whoever is behind this "MEL" account is clearly unqualified.  Why else would a customer spend on shipping, duties and taxes they will never get back in a dispute to return a machine that doesn't work?
It's like there is no interest for the customers throughout the platform. Fees are paid but you have a very limited customer service and it does not work as it should.
I would recommend the trade assurance service. Not once I have had the need to use it, so I dont know if it really works.
I had a dispute before the item arrived because the seller had outright lied to me about expected custom fee charges. The dispute for the seller conveying misinformation is not simply the same as asking the seller to pay the custom fees. It was treated as such though and no human beings ever interacted with my dispute. It was all automated. Half the time the website is broken and doesn't do what it is supposed to do. I wasn't able to login to my account during a chat session to pull the order and that blocked me from being able to reach to a human support person for a resolution. I was not able to upload images to my dispute either, so I had to make a slide show, and upload them as a video.
Fast, accurate and easy.
it's worthless. when it comes time to dispute an order Trade assurance takes the vendors side.
I like the protection.  The payment systems available are lacking, the refund process is very difficult.
I clearly should be refunded after receiving a shipment of batteries that are dangerous.  Leaking acid and unstable.  We are considering filing a lawsuit against Alibaba.
I would recommend rhe Trade Assurance Service because it develops better confidence  for traders to buy in China less hustle.
LOVE ALIBABA AND ALIEXPRESS FOR MANY YEARS
Service is reliable
Excellent customer service
I have placed two orders thus far and am very pleased with the service
I would recommend for peace of mind
Trade assurance is recommended since the payed order price is freezed until everything is confirmed OK. Safe way of dealing with unknown parties.
Products
Experience and service.
This gives a security that does not exist on any other site
i think is much better to use it because i have the oportunity to know who is trustful and who doesn?t
trade secret
Need more usage to realy recommend it.
because is hard to win a dispute. I feel that the company should be more customer focused.   that would build more confidence for buyers.
because you have to chase seller in order to receive updates and they sometimes ignore
safe and responsive!
The platform is easy.
it's secure
Very safe eCommerce application
We are paying for a Service that takes too long to conclude.  If I am paying for this service on each order , I would expect a far better response ,turn around time and settlement. This is not happening
I will always recommend Trade Assurance Service.
Expensive
perfect
great place with a lot of companies, easy to make a deal
im ever ready to recommend alibaba.com services to others all the time
safety
I would recommend it as it is wise to have a formal agreement in place prior to any transaction.
i would recommend it.  The shipping cost is just too high
Online service is good enough but There is no actual face-to-face contact or information system
good service
None that I can think of.
Payment Up front is Required. Conversion rates via credit card are very expensive.
Suppliers put prices on advertising then when you are interested to buy they increase the prices
buen servicio por parte de los asesores
Easy to use and reliable payment process.
I was happy with my service. I got what I wanted for a reasonable price and in a reasonable amount of time.
N/A
thx
both times i needed trade assurance for bad orders it didnt help.  ive been waiting for a refund from a supplier for a over a year.  Alibaba does nothing about it. they even closed the claim. ive had another claim before and trade assurance did not help either and they also prevented me from leaving a negative review for my bad quality products. i have no trust in trade assurance  also they didnt give me ample time to respong to things.i would get emails that say if you dont respond by tomorrow this case will be closed.  never allowed enough time.  even when I provided lots of evidence trade assurance did nothing.
Safe and easy.
Excellent service
I had not received the 4 necklaces, I explained all details of me constantly reaching out to usps about where are my items and they said they do not have it in the warehouse. now I have paid the vendor for the products that I had never received. once I had completed trade assurance service for a refund I had never received a refund for the 4 necklaces I had never received.
i am still new to Alibaba. I have not used Trade Assurance yet. So i cannot give a very true, or honest opinion. but when i do i can leave a review. Thank you.
It doesn't allow you to track package from when it was shipped to when it arrives at destination.
I'm a little hesitant due to the time frame of my deliver.  Took over 4 months
Nothing recived for custom problem. No refund. No free replace order. Lost 350€. Bad service
My seller is telling me now that it is discontinued? So either they don't want to use it or I won't be able to.
They do not protect the foreign buyer from scammers.
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service but in my opinion the seller has too much power. For example I had a case in which the products were defect but the seller kept on saying that this was not true and did not agree with refunding the correct amount. Luckily Alibaba themselves are very polite, friendly and have a good service so they solved it for me and they gave me a refund from them, but it is sad that the seller can deliver products that sometimes are not that good without getting warnings or so.
The learning curve is a bit steep but all the information is there :)
My first order wen swiftly without any problems
it has a lot of option to buy
I would recommend it because in a previous experience when I requested a refund, it took only a few minutes to have all sorted out.
I recommend because I have been reimbursed more than once, when there has been a cancellation of contra
For Safe trade
Because Alibaba doesn't protect the customer. Only chinese vendors.
Satisfied
I find the Trade Assurance Service very good and important, but it should be expanded. I mean, if I have already ordered and paid for the product at the advertised price, but the supplier does not want to deliver to me, I would still like to receive compensation, not just a refund of the money paid! It happened to me here on Alibaba.com that the merchant did not ship the goods (although I paid) because he claimed that he did not indicate the price well as it applies to several pieces. So he cheekfully refused delivery, whatever I argued. It is not my responsibility to decide if the merchant’s own price is good. According to the commercial rules, you are obliged to deliver at the price I ordered!
customer assistence is not existing
It is great but for Businesses buying for shipment to other countries, the order is confirmed before the goods have actually be received and verified.
Easy payment to EUR account, fare currency exchange rate
I only select businesses that have trade assurance.
thanks
Trade assurance helps you find the legitimate companies to buy from
I do but some sellers they want to pay on different platform
Very good service - thank you.
Especially for new business relationships you get security
It should have a system where you can see when the items are recieved. confirmation from buyer not only from seller.  It should come a warning to buyer that your delivery is about to be completed. If you dont tell Alibaba you have not recieved your items we will assume you have recieved them.   When i got that email it was already to late. I should recieve a warning mail before.
Definite requirement.
I would recommend it, because everything is nice and cheap for retail.
It's great
We bought items from a supplier which were delivered on 1st December, As majority of this were bought by our end customers in UK as Christmas gift, we didn't receive feedback for the first month but now there is a large number of returns in January and there is no way the review for inferior quality can be given to the supplier as 30 day period is over. Our supplier accepted about bad motor but are not doing anything to support our loss.
I had issues tracking some of my orders and they showed up as delivered even though they were in customs of my country. Thankfully the traders I worked with provided relevant information in the chat.  What I like about TAS is convenience. The user interface is simple, and good to print for the customs.
Very bad organization
Reliable company
more security
I would recommend trade assurance because it guarantees safe transaction
I would recommend it because its safe and effecient
range of product
There are still dishonest seller which sell fake products and Alibaba seems like to protect them.
The shipping is more than the product and some don't even ship at all and i didn't receive one of my orders
Easy and efficient to use. Makes process very clear.
this is a guarantee for both parties to the deal
IT IS SIMPLE
Even that is taking very long, somebody seems to look into it, not just a machine.
All my experiences on Alibaba have been excellent so far!
Great service
I would recommend because there are many products and safe purchases
just depends on the vendor. some take forever to get back to you
you feel safe at all times
Reported a dispute and never received a response
good Deal
n/a
Alibaba is partialized with the seller. There is not a fair treat.
Will recommennd trade assurance service.
Too many inconsistency on product listings and sellers saying they have inventory but once payment is made they cannot fulfill order.
It's a really good platform in OEM business
It takes too long for anything to be said and you contacted me to tell the that you assume my order is completed when is not. First time buying something on alibaba and possibly the last.
easy and convenient to use
I was skeptical at first, with the growing percentage of scams. The Trade Assurance process eased my concerns.
I WOULD RECOMMEND TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE BECAUSE OF THE SIMPLE FACT OF HAVING THAT PEACE OF MIND. AT LEAST, THATS WHAT MATTERS TO ME WHEN PLACING AN ORDER!
unwanted transaction fees
I have yet to need to use it but I is reassuring that they protection is there.
Without receiving items TradeAssurance releases funds based on assumption that items will be delivered at a predefined time. Alhtough I have not received items and willing to wait due to covid, I am forced to dispute payment or accept payment. Not fair to us or the seller.
Because it gives me comfort that i wont be defrauded
Reliable and safe
I never said I wouldn?t recommend Trade Assurance Service!
No reason
some sellers advertiser on Alibada, but when time to pay that ask you to pay by there bank  they will steel your money
Insurance is protection!
Because it guarantee that the order would be succesfully filled.
Will recommend due to the ease of use
Even though the product delivered was completely wrong you do not get a 100% refund.
The website is difficult to navigate
Security
I recommended Trade assurance service because they have: Payment protection, Shipping protection and Product Quality protection.
sellers dont communicate properly, no help at all.
Many suppliers sell faulty products. and no refund. the customer service is so bad. How can I money back for faulty products?
It gives me a sense of confidence that the seller are trustworthy
It's unknown if it's work or not. My delivery status for the one of the orders is "delivered". This is false, because the package is on it's way to me. Seller says that so (is on the way). I don't actually know trully if package is on the way or not. Hence I can not make a dispute. If package is on the way — therefore I'm wong. Another case if no package is going to me — I should make a dispute.
There are no reasons.
Works great!
Refund process is fair... gives overseas buyer confidence
Its safe and quick very gratefull for your services, I will definitely use them again
Because i purchased some items that looked pretty nice 0nline then when they got to me they look pretty bad and after dispute i lost my money. And it seems like some of the suppliers have a privilege to treat buyers the way they want.
I don't have any problems with the Trade assurance
i would recommend it as i believe this give the seller more of a reason to be honest with there sale increasing security for all
Alibaba me confirme mes livraisons de colis alors que depuis le 15 novembre 2020 je n ai toujours rien recu !!!!
Because there is no-one I can speak to for help.
it is reliable
Alibaba simply ignore all evidence. Trade assurance simply doesn't work.
it is useful for buyers to access goods from China
I recommend it because it gives peace of mind that you have your order protected however I feel like the dispute process didn't fairly reimburse me for services I was incorrectly quoted and also make it seem like on time delivery is guaranteed when it is not.
I'm not sure yet, while I'm studying how necessary this service is.
i suggest ussing because it is registered.
Reliable service
It gives me confidence to place an order with a company I know nothing about.
N/A
n/a
great opportunity to prevent fraud
Good place for sourcing goods.
Recommend
Trade assurance is a scam, nothing else. Alibaba ALWYAS sides with the seller ignoring facts and evidence.
It worked for me.
Its too hard to manage, and the process favors sellers not the customer.
trade assurance is the best and i make all deals with it. it protects us from scammers
I have had very successful transactions on this site
not yet - not have enough experience.
Safety, honest business.
n/a
Exactly what I asked for
Very hard to make changes for profile information like putting in a new cell phone number
its very easy
Tracking the load, managing the order is ok but we do these with the seller by mail and telephone and I do not need to do these on online again.
Offers protection for new buyers
Godd service
Safe plattform
Better service in the internet
A clear winner in this space and keeping current with technology is amazing.
shipping takes long time
It was all fast and easy.
I have one packege that never arrive because the huracan, my packege get loss, I loss my money and nobody care about. Alibaba didn't help me. The customer is the one how pay for everything and that is not fare. I never recive the packege. I'm mad Because i trie to make everything good, I pay for my stuff, I didn't recive anything and nobody care. If that is the way you alibaba make business you are very lost.
Peace of mind
D not know what it is new to alibaba
ITs has been helpful to get action from sellers
I recommend for the safety that exists in commercial guarantee
Verification process of valid Credit Cards
Because the only service I seem to have received is an email this morning telling me that "looks like it's too late to get a refund," which is the first I've heard from anyone involved in this transaction since December 30.
On disputes Alibaba took no responsibility for following up nor proper communication to me.
I would recommend because there are a lot of options. I wou
Because the experience can either be really bad or really good. My experience here has been 50/50, and more bad than good actually, between scams and lack of customer support, a lack of quality in some orders, but some others that are great. There is too much inconsistency on Alibaba.
sellers are falsely advertising prices, you get a quote and they cme back with a different number than was on the product listing. They should be forced to charge the advertised price.  It wastes a lot of time.
Trade assurance give you peace of mind that if you do not receive or receive a defective product then you get your money back
Mainly, because of the webpage format.
It is good to have a guarantee of the investment made, in case of breach of the conditions in the negotiations with the supplier. For supplying companies that the minimum order of orders is not a barrier to purchase, in the countries there are certain tax benefits for fields less than 200 dollars.
I feel confident placing an order with the trade assurance and Alibaba has been good with making sure my orders get to me or if there is an issue it gets resolved
good service. It you can reduce the fees, it would be much better
very Good service,
Afrter order placement, nothing is straigh forward. Orders are alway delays the show with alibaba as shipped by fedex says only documents are received and I have had to wait weeks and threaten a refund.
Sometimes, I'd like to select several products from the same supplier and perhaps I'm not clear but seems it's not easy to select and request a quote at the time. I normally add the links in the text box.
They are very
Took very long.  Asked for evidence towards supplier.  I gave evidence, but the representative still tried asked for more evidence.  Seemed like it was versus Alibaba and the supplier.  Also, I had a supplier that has been lying to me for over 4 months about my goods and shipment date.  Ultimately, I was able to get a refund.  I asked Alibaba to allow me to give a bad review, or at least somehow punish the supplier.  Alibaba said they cannot do anything.  Now this supplier is still on your website giving other buyers a terrible experience like me.
Honesty
Awful....Alibaba representative sides with the seller straight away rather than trying to find a resolution to fit both parties. Very clear that it was an issue with the products but didnt try to help facilitate settlement, instead just repeated what the seller said. Very, very bad. I have suppliers who use alibaba who i will now have to warn about what happened to me.
Easy to use and track your orders
--
Secure my order with supplier
I would recommend the Trade Assurance service as it is considered as a guarantee for the buyer and safe payment method.
its transparent
problems with payment
It makes it very easy for first time buyers of a new supplier to have confidence in them.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service for the peace of mind, reduced risk of doing business and trust.
i am glad use the alibaba assurance service
It is not always fair.  Especially the Chinese sellers try to sell what they call good quality for too high prices that you can buy on wish too. And when they deliver too late, you are not sure to have the dispute on your side even though the late delivery caused huge loos for the buyers company.
Feel have trust with clients
Great platform to shop with various suppliers
I'm using it now
Haven't used
unfortunately there are fake suppliers on Alibaba and the trade assurance is the.  only way to insure that you will get the products you purchased and paid for . . Trade assurance will also protect the buyer when the supplier make a mistake in the quality  of the product.
GOOD SERVICES AND FAST TRANSACTION TO THE SELLER
No rules, long time, not adhering to the declared timelines, Overall not acceptable for western culture buyers, ignoring the western standards like good-will.
It seems to have worked well for us so far. No problems or issues to report.
The service with the company I purchased with was fast and perfect.  The quality of the product was worth the price as well.  I just ordered a sample before I place a bulk order but the samples were great and they sent me a variety.
DISPUTE PROCESS TAKES TOO LONG
I would recommended alibaba becase we can literally find everything i want, so far i can not complaint about it.
none
I would recommend trade assurance services. Variety of items to choose on when placing order
I've had a great experience with AliBaba. I look froward to placing more orders. It has really helped my business to grow.
I don't see the benefit
NA
Haven't had to use the dispute resolution yet.
I recommend Trade Assurance Service because it protects my investment, I feel more secure using it.    With the company going using Trade Assurance I know it is an actual company.
good range of quality products at a reasonable price. the downside is the transaction fee and limited payment options.
My experience in dealing with Trade Assurance was very frustrating. Trade Assurance representatives does not consult with the client when dealing with issues. Unfavorable decisions was made without me being aware of it, and when I asked to have the decisions reviewed and reversed this was met with various excuses - none of which was practical nor made any sense.  Trying to speak with someone in authority, manager, supervisor etc. is difficult and my experience I was told the rep is trained to support me. I do not share that opinion.
It seems straightforward enough, with systems in place to hold both the buyer and seller accountable.
I recommend it because it is a way to guarantee the business.  of course this does not give 100% security
Due to high shipping costs and long delivery time, it is highly recommended to minimize any risks.
TA Service sure give a sense of safety & guaranty for payments made while learning to trust Supplier and Inspect shipped goods for quality and Seller promised satisfaction.
I love Alibaba because they have very good customer service, low prices and very good products. Compare to Aliexpress they don't care about there customers when you need a refund they refused to give you your money back. Alibaba customer service is excellent no pressure at all will.
I see no benefit in it, it does not help the customer in any case. The seller is not doubted and the customer is required to produce evidence beyond the capacity of the customer. In one of my recent disputes second one only nut recent, I did not receive part of the order and the remaining items i received were incorrect. Yet, my testimony is not considered and I am expected to find a lab that will test the product and send that as proof, which is not even available for the general public in canada. My first dispute was closed because I could not produce the document of the reason health canada took the shippment due to covid slowing down the process and after 8 months I did receive the letter but I donot know how to submit it and the items will be sent back to the seller but I doubt i will get a refund.
I would recommend because it adds a layer of security.
My order came earlier than expected and was properly packaged resulting in no damaged items. all products are as described and look absolutely beautiful in person.
Recommend commercial warranty, because it eliminates the fear of losing money or being scammed by bad salespeople.
31
its very clear that you didn't care about the costumers.but you care about the suppliers.  because we present all the documents and evidences that insure our rights and then you go with the supplier .
security
HAVE THE TRANQUILITY OF BUYING WHEN THEY ARE NEW SUPPLIER FOR THE BUYER
very smooth transaction and I know it's protected.
no
The product shipping was promt and the quality was great
I had a problem before with a supplier who sent me all the products in bad condition and they never gave me my money back.
An insurance is a guarantee for a seller and a buyer. When the seller on purpose send the wrong product, Alibaba should step up and try to understand the customer point of view. It is clear to me that Alibaba is a Chinese company and that Alibaba will favor decisions towards the seller and that the Trade Insurance is totally bogus!
Very secure and good service.
I have not received  my order yet. I do not know when it will arrive. Yet Trade Assurance says I have.
recommended due to protection f our rights as buyers but i hope the duration of trade insurance increase in period at least till we 3rd world countries gets the goods and check it out.
I lost $2100 on a deal.  I provided all the evidence and you kept requesting the same info over and over again.  The process was designed to frustrate buyers.  Each time I provided details it meant another 7 days of waiting and then you ask for the same info again.  In the end I was not refunded.  I am stuck with a $2100 credit card bill.  The seller continues to sell bad equipment on your platform.
Security
simple and what I need
no, I tottaly recomend this
It is understandable and clearly sets out your rights and obligations and gives that protection for the transaction
Because it is an alternative system to the import letter of credit and more agile the process.
It is a very good service, but I would like to pay also with Paypal! It is fundamental in my way of business!!! thank you
Helps to have peace of mind when working with some company you don't know
It just works!
It's good as long as it always protect the buyer.
Automatically marked as "shipment delivered", though not in reality, nor in the shiopment tracking.
I bought some oil bottles. They should be send to Amazon warehouse. Some of Bottles did not send to Amazon. Amazon told me if I think that I send the correct quantity of  Bottles, I should send them the official invoice of ups. I told this to Seller , seller did not answer me anymore. I opened a dispute. After 4 Months and many times contact with you, your experts decision was unclear. they told me they can not make a decision. 4 months for this decision????. they should ask seller to send me official invoice of ups or pay for missing products. it was really funny and unprofessional . seller contact me after I opened a dispute to give me missing products for next order. but after your experts email, they told me , we do not send you extra bottles. very funny process. 4 months waste of time with your experts
You want to control sales, you will achieve the desired result
Easy experience, confident tough Trade Assurance, Had one dispute - resolved easy .
Security and Accountability
I would not recommend Alibaba to anyone. I ordered many items in bulk and shipped it through a freight forwarder. One of my business partner told me that Alibaba is very expensive. She went on Taobao and Aliexpress and found exactly the same products for much cheaper price, with much cheaper freight, without needing to pay tax at customs. So her cost per piece is 70% cheaper. They also offer Trade Assurance Services.
N/A
It’s a scam
.
Secure
I do recommend it because it is very safe for new users.
good
had small issues but i will definitely recommend and am satified with services.
My money is safe with it.
you need to improve the messages section on the app.
I will recomend trade assurance,  but some times overseas shipping take longer son the confirmation of receiving should have more time
1. The only reason I use AliBaba is because there's no other better option. 2. AliBaba indirectly protects its sellers more than its buyers. 3. I waited almost 3 months for a dispute result 4. The dispute wasn't on my favour because the person who read my case couldn't understand what I was claiming for. they didn't bother to ask for any explanation, which clearly shows they just want to shut the case! 5. There's no way I can reach a person to discuss about my case or explain. Customer service is complete bullshit. You can say there's zero service, which is better.
I fill safe handling my purchases and money.
n/A
it takes to long to recieve my goods
Because it didn't do me any good to have it, I was just blown off
I recommend Alibaba because it is very safe. All transactions are guaranteed. This gives security to the negotiator
its probable not TAS but the supplier not helping with a resolution if i want a refund i should able to get a refund
because it's always good to be insured to guarantee the security of our money and the product we ordered. your company does this very we
Is not worth the hustle to use the service as there's 0 benefit from using it! As a result I'm very very disappointed.
Sometimes supplier doesnt check stock until after you have paid, in order to cancel we only get refund for amount paid for shipping and product but its not fair that we cant get a refund for the transaction fee when we didnt even have a fully successful transaction.
It provides confidence to the process.
It provides confidence to the process.
WE SHOULD HAVE A PLACE WHERE TO SAVE OUR INVOICES
Recommended because it brings a safety customer service
Trade Assurance Service is a good thing so you can buy savely
I would recommend Trade Assurance whenever money is being spent.
It protects you rmoney.
Well, It seems that the most sellers are not responding on time and ignore small items or quantities.
NA
Все нравится
quick
I will recommend it as Alibaba is more safe platform
Security
I do feel it is a safe way to do business.
it doesnt cover you well on dispute process
This is my first encounter with Trade Assurance Service and it has been very easy to get orders fulfilled without any problems.
I would recommend because there are a wide variety of items to purchase.
Suppliers lie all the time and put false advertising wasting time.  They sent different product that you order.  I am totally unhappy with the suppliers.  All says something can not deliver.  This is worthless.
Too early for survey. I haven't received my 1st order yet.
they have some good stuff
personal privacy.
well i normally don't trust paying for another company to manage my payment for orders other than paypal. but TA has proven time and time again to be very serious about making sure you don't need to worry because they will be on top of it all the way until i get my order from the suppliers. i have never had to worry and i noticed that when you get TA sellers no they have to be on top of their part of the contract as well. lol.
Very good experience.
We recommended the assurance for hight import buyers, because we have confidence whit the suppliers.
Everything worked out fine, so that's good.
dont know
Only downside is that it is quite expensive and I am not sure whether a claim would succeed if, for instance, goods were not received or there was a problem with them.  Or how long a refund would take.
It makes you place your orders at ease, no fear of suppliers to run away with your money. It makes Alibaba a very trustworthy platform
The contact with someone in the company is very important and the platform is very practical for sending messages.
No comment
good
It was accept their offer, and if it expires, you get nothing. there was no middle ground. i felt like the customers is always wrong.
Very easy and unambiguous.
easy to use and place order with commissiunation
It is a pledge of honesty and fair trade, the basis of every international transaction.
x
es muy caro
Alibaba protects the China vendors first and offers American buyer no protection. The people who handle the dispute don't understand English and have no product knowledge and are unable to make a critical decision with any real understanding of what they are dealing with between the China vendor who sends inferior product and the American buyer who attempts to explain why the claim was filed and why Alibaba should make decision that actually protects American buyer.       When I really needed Alibaba to protect my investment and to protect me from a China vendor who sent inferior product Alibaba protected the China vendor and offered me nothing.
It is a service that gives you security to do business with Chinese companies.
Did not receive my order. and nobody is responding to my e-mails. 4 so far.
didn't use
I do not agree with the decision made, and all proof and evidence was submitted! I even asked what was an FOB? I never got a response back. It hasn’t even been 30 days since I had trailer TOWED away from shipping yard! The seller has just scammed me out of $14,080. Alibaba doesn’t stand behind any type of warranty-insurance to allow them to get away with sending me a trailer that is DAMAGED BEYOND REPAIR. I sent in pictures, emails, and proof from shipping company, that trailer came in DAMAGED! There is no one you can talk DIRECTLY TO IN CHINA! No one called me, even after I asked for a call to resolve issues! I’m starting to feel, this entire process was a scam on all ends. I sent in so much proof and evidence to prove my case!     Mr. Henry
No
trust, safety payment, order administration, comunication with suppliers
it has all  you need if you have the patience to search
It is very handy and makes me feel more secure but it can be a bit overpriced especially when the services are note used that much.
Still the best platform for my business. I'm happy
Trade Assurance protects your money ,gives confidence that your purchase is safe
Sometimes I've yet to receive my product by the protection has expired.
Really nice to have a secured way to do business. Everybody always want to have a flawless experience when using an online shopping website. First time doing business this way and wish everybody could apply this way of business
Your assurance is not worth anything
N/a
I would like someone to call me 1-613-853-3120
Buy with confidence.
easy and accessible
very good product
The Trade Assurance Service does not have records of transactions as to guarantee as they offer.  Also it is bias toward the seller.
It feels all very against the customer.
buyer does not have guaranty about shop, seller can make fake information/document to go throw the process. payment is available for seller with fake ship document, and real shipment is rejected by Safety Check Point (cp412926469cn).  Alibaba is very far from Amazon. Security control is very bad and seller don't respect the rules.
I would recommend it because the payment of your money is safer and allows you to contact more reliable providers
I've been ordering my samples from alibaba since shortly i will be opening my own online store, as of now I'm  very satisfied with with everything in general. Everyone has reached out to me in a very professional way, I've already received my first sample and the rest are on their way. I highly recommend alibaba.
Its
I would NOT recommend it, since I have placed an order and in the first order I already had samples that I have to raise to dispute, and I asked for something that would arrive in December to be able to sell it at Christmas, but I still do not have it, the system will automatically marked as received and I don't know how to solve the problem.
The security of receiving quality merchandise
Lo recomiendo (Yes), te da confianza que tu inversión está segura, ademas el sistema condiciona al proveedor a cumplir con la entrega del pedido.
It protects saller and buyer
The reason for not recommending Trade Assurance Service is because when the products are received in damaged condition the Dispute team always favors the decision in suppliers side ignoring the buyers request and ignoring the evidence given to the dispute team
hello, a very good company, at the moment the most valuable in the market
nothing specific
I LIKE THIS PLATFORM
good easy service
i would never recommed your trade assurance service, you made your trade assurance service for your sellers, your trade assurance service did not protect me when your seller sent me a faulty product and the dispute favored the seller. your trade assurance service is the worse, you can actually remove it because you dont offer your buyers the trade assurance that they need. even the people handling your disputes are incapable of making decisions based on the facts, they just see one side and thats the side of the seller. you also put the burden of proving the case on the buyer or else you would side on the seller. your trade assurance is suppose to protect the buyers, not the sellers
very safe for business transections
The system works.
Assisting refunding payment incase things didn't as plan...
Trade assurance ensures that both parties meet their end of the bargain. Ensures that the customers pay for what they requested for hence enforcing quality assurance
SAFE and GOOD SERVICE
Very good service, ensures order is secure. If a Supplier does not want to use Trade Assurance, then we will not buy from them.
I just want the supplier who are not responsible to be banned if Alibaba can't compensate me with the amount of money i have lost.
I do recommend the Trade Assurance Alibaba is very important and necessary for the entire commercial process, this is recommended.
We thought that buying through alibaba will be safe, but not really.
Doesn't prove itself.
Very easy and competitively priced
Poor communication.
The fee is much too high
it is easy, quick, and secure
I have an issue with a supplier currently.  I have paid for theorder, however the supplier has stopped responding and it's been over 30 days.  The order was supposed to be delivered before closing for the CNY holiday.
n/a
NO
The service of the vendors is quick and professional. The resolution of an issue seems very important to them.
I will recommend it because it protects buyers from fraudulent people.
i dont have  problems with alibaba
I would recommend per quality and customer service is outstanding!!!!!!
Alibaba connects you to a lot of manufacturers, so that's great.  But the system is a bit antiquated.  We've had manufacturers cancel orders un-annouced, and had random orders from manufactureres.
It was a so/so transaction when seller sent me useless product to spec.
Easy and reliable
Trade Assurance indicates order is delivered even though it will be at least 3 weeks to a month more before it will be delivered.   It is impossible to review a seller when the goods are not delivered and provides a very poor service o buyers and sellers.  I doubt I will use this service again as accurate communication is extremely moorland.
They have a good service and also, a good tracking to check the PO number as well.
This is the first time I use Alibaba, I was expecting to import more merchandise but this was only a test. Yuan Li Beauty has not only been late, but it no longer respond to my messages.
It is important to have a warranty that you would receive your purchase, it gives the buyer assurance and trust on the services and products offered.
Any
Trade Assurance Service is great they do their job. I think it's the seller needs to improve in communicating with buyers.
It's effective
I will use it every time. I feel safer dealing with Alibaba rather than companies I don't have a relationship with.
fees are quite high
Order tracking is a little confusing.
I ordered black motorcycle locks, got red, product came two months late, product was damaged inside box due to poor packing.  Dispute process was a joke.
Too difficult to get to a live person. process is cumbersome
It is safe
ich m?chte erst mein geld zurück für zwei fehlende Artikel bekommen
It gives me confidence in the order process when not knowing the vendors.
it`s important
I think the service is very professionally handled and taken care of full details
Seems safe but sometimes companies charge a premium to pay via alibaba Trade assurance and try to get you to bank transfer
IT IS RECOMMEND
It is a good, fast and economical service
Trade assurance is suppose to protect either the Seller or the Buyer. In my case, I was scammed by the Seller. The item I received is not the same brand as per agreement and description. I dont know what kind of proof you want but all evidence I gave seems not sufficient and you seems to be unfair and protecting the buyer.
Would recommend, is an extra safety
n/a
Because the trade assurance is only a document that will be manipulated and used in favor of the Chinese supplier. I have clear example for that.   I have ordered an Aluminum Solar Structure and the supplier sent me a Galvanized steel structure. then the dispute was in favor of the supplier.  I will publish this case in the trade monthly newsletter.
The reason for my rating for the process is i felt that it's one-sided. I am an honest person but to have been refunded correctly with defective items is not fair. Then supplier just ignored my messages.
See 5 above.  Alibaba would not accept that  item was faulty. Impossible to prove unless item examined.
I found the process very easy with the company have dealings with. I am very happy, so far
No information
Supplier should confirm if its a manufacture or not first . so that we know who to choose to work with. Otherwie their prices should not be exceeding the manufacturing by  1 USD.
easy to find products and suppliers and connect with them
All is very GOOD!!! Thanks)
very safe and easy and fast
n/a
None
The order is closed befor I receive the package
Dispute policy is unclear and takes too long even when the supplier agrees to refund.
I placed a dispute with evidence then received an email that a partial refund would be distributed. I agreed to the refund but then a couple of days later the order was closed.
safety transfer of payment
In the event of a dispute, Alibaba doesn't take it seriously but rather avoids confrontation.
I would like to use the trade assurance service, not only promise the profit of seller and buyer, and also can check the every status of order clearly, we will recommend the trade assurance service for our friend!
Easy and fast
Avoid the fake suppliers ..
you can get your money back if something goes wrong
I have not had any problem yet.
ok
I do not understand why you let the suppliers over evaluate the price of the freight to usa,
Dispute was closed when i still haven't received the product. Alibaba service haven't asked me for opinion and closed the case only on seller evidence (he sent fake tracking number earlier)
Services and payment system is user friendly and easy to manage
I really like the Alibaba suppliers, always helping us! If Brazilian people are soo glad, respect and clear with the information as the Alibaba attendents/sellers, everything will be easier. Thanks a lot!
easy to use and usually very quick
Difficult to prevebt payment for items not received
mmm
I will racccomend because it's extremely trustable
I had to pay an additional value for the shipment, which I was not previously notified
none
I like the Trade Assurance Service but I would like something clearly and concisely written telling me what protection it gives me (i.e. two to three bullet points that make it very obvious and reassuring)
The Trade Assurance Program explains a safe purchase from manufacturers but when it really came down to asking for a refund, the team at Alibaba tend to favor the supplier rather than the buyer. I had submitted for a refund and explained MANY MANY times of the issues being due to QC and production but the Alibaba team keeps telling me it's due to freight shipping. They tend to believe the factory's picture of loading the container nicely than looking at my description and images showing scratches, repainted issues that supplier tried to cover up, not matching sized parts, etc and Alibaba keeps saying it's due to shipping. SHIPPING DOES NOT CAUSE PAINT ISSUES, CHIPPED OFF PARTS, SIZE ISSUES, AND MANY OTHER ISSUES I SHOWED. Very disappointed in the Trade Assurance Service and Program that Alibaba offers. Doesn't matter if its FOB, you have to take care of the customer.
Very good seller. I enjoyed and recommend. Thank you.
Transparency & Accountability between Buyer and Seller
good service
Easy Communication between buyer and seller
The sample ordering process is a hustle and a hassle. The samples are exponentially higher to order than the items more expensive price. Some of it is simple outrageous.
I will recomend, specially initial or big orders, It gives you a security feeling, and also a legal base for your litigations if the ever appear. !Go for it, It is wise.?
Hello, Trade Assurance should not go away automatically and say that I received the products. Shipping tracking clearly shows that I have not received anything at all. This should be Automatic and not me Keep renewing my receiving time on the products ordered. Please fix this.
Payment Processing and Escrow Services are great. Verification of Shipping Labels is terrible. Seller was able to create a fake shipping label, which was *never* used to complete the shipment. Fake shipping label allowed seller to force payment and contract closure, avoid shipping deadlines, and prevent buyer inspection of goods within the 60-day Trade Assurance receipt period.
i bought with dropshipping, and alibaba set the order was closed even if i received only the sample
I have only done 1 small transaction, but will soon do a fairly large one.  I cannot fully recommend TA.
Competitive pricing
No
protection
none
Excellent response and delivery speed
n/a
hi , i make an order on alibaba trade assurance its been two month i didn,t received it was express shipping no help from seller i contact the alibaba trade assurance but no help how i can refund my money?
I would recommend becasue is safetly and protect the customer
Short shipping
i had to go through the hoops of enabling online shopping on my main card because my traveller/credit card was declined verification two or three times
there is a big problem with changes in prices when ealing with the merchants, it happened to me several times and I don't know what to do at this stage. for example, the merchant is not fulfilling the terms in the shipping and item cost and does not respond to my order. or, when  i continue dealing with a merchants the prices of shipping rock-high suddenly..  or - the ad says a price per unit and upon negotiating the price changes. at these cases you do not provide a solution and there's no one to contact with. we need to astart the process with a new merchant and it's a huge waster of time!
not good service
N.A
I would recommend trade assurance because of ease of payment process and some quality assurance. will not recommend, due to high costs which are not reasonable.
no
no
the q
Placing order over 5000 USD can be cumbersome. Supplier alwasy ask to split the order. I do not understand why.
I don't discuss where I source product.
Your order is safe, and you are safe from scams. So the money you invest is secure and you can sleep in peace knowing your order will arrive.
This is a good service. Protects the customer. But sellers are sending the goods to different destinations, not sending on time. I got the refund for two products. But I loose transaction  fees.
no
I would recommend trade assurance services because it is better then trying to navigate foreign companies yourself. I would however let people know that the process of trying to contact anyone from Alibaba if something does go wrong is impossible.
NA
посылка в Россию не пришла.
Every experience on every order has been a great experience.
Peace of mind that each party is paid properly and if a problem does arise both parties are equally represented and listened to.
correct clients solutions, fair, strong brand
The order is set always as delivered when in reality it is not. I have contacted the trade assurance chat and the answer is to contact the seller... not trusting service
Feels safe placing an order knowing Alibaba can intervene if necessary.
in my case I would recommend it
no
Good service
very difficult to communicate with supplier.
I am yet to have any profitable products from the samples I've purchased.
I
Good for trade disputes.
So far, it has made payment of products and shipping, delivery simple and easy.
Brings a piece of mind, and securiy to the ordering process.
I think that it is sure and simple
I would recommend getting the trade assurance so that you have the grounds to hold a seller accountable for their mistakes. If my current dispute is handled accurately then it would give me more reason to trust alibabas system.
Was easy to setup and worked well.
Every thing is easy and clear understanding.
So far i haven't had any issues with the web site or any of the venders here. So far so good, i've place around 15 order and everythings has been great TG
Needs to be more than just China - Indian suppliers can be very tricky to deal with
Good customer service.
It seems to be an easy process.
je  trouve que c'est  la meilleur fa?on de protéger nos achats
Easy, fast results.
Worked great and was fast!
Great service!
I gave you clear evidence regarding a dispute I had with one of your suppliers. I informed the supplier of what I was wanting and what I did not want.  I even spent over $1000 USD and sent them three examples of what I wanted so there was no misunderstanding. They produced a product that was exactly what I insisted, I DID NOT WANT! I supplied  you copies of our conversations and interactions of me explaining, over and over again of what I wanted and what I did NOT want. You continued to request more information which was not reasonable or, relevant. I was VERY CLEAR with the supplier of my expectations. I have now lost roughly $25,000.00 USD on the transaction and feel you've gone out of your way to protect the supplier over mine. Trade assurance? The only thing I am assured of is that only I can protect my interest. I can not trust Alibaba to protect my interest so, ..
Don't trust it. Favors sellers to heavily.
Fast and good protection. I found that it was difficult to change company details in invoice.
THE SELLERS ARE NOT HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR SHIPPING ITEMS THAT DO NOT MATCH THE DESCRIPTION AND ARE NOT GOOD QUALITY AT ALL. PRICE OF SHIPPING TO RETURN ITEMS OUTWEIGHS THE COST OF ITEMS. WASTED SO MUCH MONEY WITH THESE VENDORS AND HAVE NO SUPPORT FROM ALILBABE. TOTALLY DISSATISFIED WITH THIS PROCESS.
Seller are very polite and very knowledge in the items that I am interesting.
So far I have been very satisfied ordering through Alibaba.  I have not yet had to to open any case to dispute any of my orders.  I believe this is due to Trade Assurance.
:)
It is easy and the communication is secure
N/A
I love Trade Assurance.
I would like to receive and answer on time also make it possible that customer is not waiting over an month to get answers. I still haven't got answer yet.
We can not tell, we did't needed (uhave to use it)
It's easy to use and you can find about anything.
I would recommend them for they have been very helpful to me. I am very satisfied.
efficient answers and delivery
very easy to contact sellers and make orders
Amiu
I have had a horrible experience on this platform. The supplies I have ordered were low quality products, and charged too much. Many supplier could not fill my order, and just dropped me as a client last minute. Then there were problems making my items. No refunds were given.  Above all else, the shipping time has delayed my entire business operations because of the extreme delays and inaccurate estimate of delivery There are no apologies and no accurate estimation of timing for delivery. There is no accurate tracking information for my products, and therefore, I can't launch my business. It has been a very unprofessional experience, I and will never order again. I am very disappointed in your services.
Very cost sufficient.
I feel safe using trade assurance when spending a decent amount of money.
Security. ensures the trade is safe and backed by alibaba
convenient and more secure dealing with companies in China
it is a must .
easy and payment options are easy and safe
Because Alibaba Protects the Customers from being bullied by supplier.
Because it secures your orders
Very easy to use. Good service and fast response.
no.THANKS
I would give my recommendation because I consider that it is a reliable source to make safer purchases and find a variety of products.
Fast, simple, concise!
I would recommend it because it is the best within the buyer security framework that Alibaba gives
I will recomend it to others
seller did not deliver the product
I would only not recommend if problems are not fixed. Also shipping is so high and in consistent and over priced for each item. Suppliers are over charging to make up in cost of item it seems. This makes it hard to buy a good amount of product.   Suppliers are very helpful, friendly and really kind. Love working with them. Happy anew Year.
Your Trade Assurance is a scam. Shipper provided false tracking numbers. Tracking was never updated, but shipper insisted that order was shipped, and provided shipping updates from somewhere but not DHL.  Shipper issued 2 different tracking numbers and I checked both but were never updated. Somehow shipper produces proof of transit that looks like an internal document BUT NOT ANY TRACKING UPDATE FROM DHL.  I waited over 1 month for tracking to be updated and shipper never updated it.  YOUR DISPUTE PROCESS IS GARBAGE. GOES ON AND ON AND OBVIOUSLY NO ONE CHECKS THE EVIDENCE I PRODUCED RE: TRACKING NUMBERS NEVER GOT UPDATED.   SO I APPLIED FOR CHARGEBACK ON MY CREDIT CARD
Excellent customer service. Very quality of items supplied. Seamless execution of orders.
OK
This is a good way to all customer stay in safe way because all customer are using a Credit card.
NA
I ordered an item over 2 months ago, I never received my item and I requested a refund and alibaba declined my refund, so I have lost my money and i did not receive a refund for what i paid for.
I have the feeling that the dispute process is helping the seller.  To make it clear, the customer should be the side where attention needs to be done. If the customer is not happy he will not come back, and will not buy again on the alibaba.com platform. So at other places like Amazon, ebay for example is the customer the buyer in advantage over the seller.  No happy customers no repeating order, its that easy
fee is high
I have not received my product and in the application it already appears as completed, they even ask me to rate my products
I would recommend Trade Assurance but not fully because their are some dubious things.
I would
The shipping methods are ridiculously high and cost more than the product that I am purchasing and I would rather place my order myself versus waiting for a representative to place it for me.
According to my experiences with order 64450627001027612 the ACH payment system associated with the Trade Assurance service has the potential to lose customer funds, this violates the most fundamental elements of a payment system, security and trust!
I would recomend becaue it gives security of transaction
Very simple and trustful to use.
i was busy last 15 days
They don't pay out. I received a broken/not working product and Trade Assurance is not standing by their promise to make it right.
Didn?t feel that I need trade assurance service.
I've never used it before
ITS POINTLESS AS YOU DO NOT SUPPORT DISPUTES EVEN WHEN EVIDENCE IS CLEAR!! CHINESE SELLERS ARE ALL THIEVES AND CON MEN YET YOU STILL SUPPORT THERE BULLSHIT WAYS
I would be more likely to recommend you if you didn't allow knock-offs of patented products, including mine.
N/A
Alibaba has a method for resolving disputes and the online portal for resolving issues with a supplier appear to be well adhered to by the suppliers and Alibaba.  It gives me a sense that I can trust Alibaba to hold the suppliers accountable if they don't come through with their commitments.
It allows you to feel safe about purchasing from a supplier that you have no knowledge of otherwise and really no mechanism to resolve a dispute outside of Trade Assurance. I feel that my information and my transactions are secure
no
i didnt receive my package
-
Why should I be responsible for the transaction fee after I place an order and then the seller changes the price 3 times?
I trust you!
i never got all items they were Christmas gifts. could not replace items due to money was spend on items never gotten.
EVERYTHING IS TOO MUCH COMPLICATE WITH ALIBABA AND I"M LOSS MONEY AND NEVER COING BACK AND IT IS NOT WAY TOO MAKE CONTACT DIRECT WITH PERSON TO PERSON. I OSS LOT MONEY BUYING TO ALIBABA AND NEVER CAM THE PRODUCT.....
Alibaba's provision of a Trade Assurance Order is a splendid facility for buyers like me,  It removes every anxiety from the heart of the buyer as it guarantees the return of the buyer's money should anything goes wrong with the transaction.
sellers blackmail when setting up a protest device and we are forced to remove it
fine but not too offensive!
only the best e-commerce platform
it is great
kindly reduce the payment charged .
Excellent customer service, great prices. Very safe to use.
For protection of buyers
--
useless
Dispute process is very unclear and is biased on seller side. I have lost so much money and faith and your dispute team does nothing but just wasting your time and then coming with loame excuses, It is the worst experience i have and feel no security in dealing with ALIBABA now
It does not exist at all. it is a lie.
no
Very efficient and add value to both buyer and seller. Win win.
Terrible app and service.
I bought from a NianSheng Company and they delivered a broken machine, they never solved the problem and did not return money, I lost a lot of time and money
There is no trade assurance. Seller  couldnt ship on time. Instead he entered a Different tracking number to show that it shipped on Time. Then after few days gave me a different tracking number. I escalated it, but dispute team didnt even read it . They closed it . Seller shipped items in 7 boxes, and  the courier company used multiple couriers to deliver the boxes. In that process, they lost one box and my escalation was closed without even reading.  Seller instead of giving the refund asked me to provide photo proof for some unknown shipping company . I contacted alibaba to get support, instead of helping me , alibaba customer service team closed my escalation with out even reading. Seller was very confident in this alibaba process, and told me that if i dont listen to him and dont give that document i will not get any refund. Finally i gave that and still now i didnt get any refund. I can share all this information if any one in alibaba read this.
I would recommend trade assurance because it is safe..
No, sorry.
Good service and trusful.
NO COMENTS
I like because I feel confident about my orders and payments and feel there?s genuinely someone on the other end that will provide me with the products I need.
did not yet make enough transaction yet to know 4 sure
Having trade assurance gives me peace of mind, would not order a product from a manufacturer who does not offer this service.
You cannot trust some suppliers. In my experience, they've lied about weight and shipping making it more expensive etc. Also quality is not very good. Also it wont let me add inspection service which is very frustrating and doesn't make much sense. Because it says you need to only do inspection services via trade assurance, however, it is not allowed, so i had to get another company to do it- unclear about inspection service.
There are many choices of suppliers of the same type of goods
Trade Assurance protects you.
Because I don't feel it benefits the customer as much as the vendor
The system is complicated, always has to reach to the vendor and their response take long time. no only that the fees services for delivery are excessive taken in consideration that they should have a arrangement from delivery companies. The MOQ is also very high for any new business entrepreneur. Most of the time you pay more for delivery than the actual product.
gre
because it's very secure e-commerce platform
there are lot of fake seller on your platform who sell fake or used items as new or nothing at all
ease of use.  ability to reach global vendors and suppliers.
the process is simple and secure for the customer
I have no knowledge to make a judgement with at this time.  So I am not unsatisfied nor am I satisfied due to my lack of knowledge
El primer pedido ha sido una experiencia extraordinaria. Gracias!
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service because your principal characteristics is the speed in the trade.
Easy to navigate.
Even TA does no secures customers from unfair factories.
No
NA
Trade Assurance Service is excellent protect the buyers.
safety
Process is too complicated
It gives me confidence
I am a repeat customer, so, I have been very happy so far with all my orders.
Suppliers cheat. They use domestic tracking number to quickly activate the express count down
It gives peace of mind in your purchase. It is fair in protecting both the seller and buyer.
Poor support by alibaba team. I spend thousands of dollars every month and had 1 dispute with a unprofessional and dodgy seller. Alibaba team sided with him and left me helpless. Utterly poor management
Your company is trash.   Of course there are some honest sellers.   But for the most part complete garbage. The amount of fake stuff on your website is unreal.   Not to mention the fact that it is complete fraud.
As a buyer, I would recommend Trade Assurance service for every time purchasing item from Alibaba. this make me feel more confidence of dealing business with seller.
The order was received in a timely manner and was exactly what I ordered.
Security and simplicity.
UI is complicate, some chat box or typing box is too small to see or type.
The Chinese freight forwarder shipped order to some random wrong address and the recipient will not return the goods nor reply to my phone messages. This is carelessness on Trade assurance
I would recommend it after a quick and secure first transaction. Hope for more in the future.
vb
I would recommend to keep seller safe in the transaction
The trade assurance service gives me peace of mind paying for large orders over $1000 from new companies I have't worked with before.
I have heard varying reports on the level of protection that trade assurance actually protects you when issues arise.
Alibaba is the best
N/A
Goods not received
Love the customer support.
heb uiteindelijk onderdelen gevonden voor mijn aparaten aanrader voor licht en geluid
You should make the seller pay,not the buyer. Raised our costs to do business. Especially with a new supplier.
Immediate attention, shipping and secure payment.
Seems like good protection.
Good.
I make trades every day overseas with trade assurances and without.  What I have found is that a trade assurances worth is only proven when you need it and to date I have been left to bare the burden on product that was not delivered with the vendors admission of it not delivering with a trade assurance.  This has been going on for months and the dispute process has already been extended twice for vendor to make a claim.  The vendor did not want to make a claim until they were basically forced to by me when I filed a dispute claim.  They tried to pass the freight off as delivered and did not file a claim until the end of the first disputed time period (with the freight missing for about a month) and after I was not willing to accept the loss as my responsibility.  At the end of this second dispute period, I will be seeking a lawyer to represent me and does not show me a great value of the trade assurance service.
I placed an custom order which I lost money due to the product not being made as requested. I had not approved the hoodies before production was made. I lost my money as products quality does not meet the standards they said they could produce.
alibaba it is a trust online market on the world
It's a safe way to do business.
First sample received were all ruined
Allow to explore new alternatives and minimizing risks
very good
Difficult to cancel order.
I didn't receive what I ordered. I ordered 6 basket sets and only received 2. I've waited a long time to receive my samples and still will not be able to move forward with an order with the company because I didn't receive majority of my designs.
sometimes it is difficult to understand the language but its ok.
Great deals
I feel safe secure for my product to arrive to me.
The protection time is very short, they also give the seller a lot when he does not even upload evident evidence or is not right, they give it or extend the process more than he should when the buyer is right and uploads evidence, done and arguments of everything.
After a month of complaints, the supplier has sent the item that we no longer wanted or needed, at a price that was already out of the market; and they send us to justify it on a Sunday and we only have one day to respond ... totally disastrous and incompetent the service, of poor quality and with all the bad intention of not responding before to guarantee the rights contracted by the buyer ... is the worst service that could be expected from a platform that ensures that your purchases will be insured with this service.
It is the best way to orders
Si, por la seguridad en la compra
A little expemsive.
Great all around
Convenience and peace of mind
I recommend Trade Assurance.
Security
All good
I don’t want items and I want to return
it is very difficult when facing an issue with an order. Uploading evidence is painfully slow even when compressing the size it takes so long that one gives up
Guaranteed the product arrived earlier than expected
Great Service
very helpful
I escalated an order because the machine is not functioning properly since day 1.I’ve applied for refund but it’s been 2 weeks, & have not received any response.
Yes, 4 years ago i was in the start point of my life, 21 year old young man which just trying to success.And i ordered teddy bears for 10K USD which was all the money in my bank account in that time.I ordered with trade assurance, because i thought you have good service and care for customers and i can be sure i don't losing money.Sadly, I recvied the order with a lot of diffrences, not same as the pictures and a lot of the quantity was missing.Alibaba did nothing to help, just saying the case closed due to no reason to open it.So yes, never will buy with you again sadly until i will hear from other people that your services changed. since then i doing orders only using Direct bank account.
I bougth from with my agent from Shanghai Ang Ran Industry Co.,LtdPhone/Whatsapp/Wechat :+86 18019238933Website:www.watertreatmentfactory.comAnd this company stole me no delivery all products, i bougth one container of water devices and accesories, but this company no load all products and did not send me packing list on time , have not pictures of loaded products, i talked with Kevi (the boss ) and Doris (the salewoman) they only wnat stole the customer and use alibaba for catch customer and stole. Check the account of money this comany have account in Singapure. Check this company and blocked and no allow show in alibaba
Alibaba gives great service to buyers, protection for order. Sellers are professional and easy to communicate and will help with any problem
mostly it is good, but sometimes products from some buyers are not up to standard
LOOK  IN MY ORDERS U WILL FIND THE ANSWERS
Chinese suppliers find 101 ways to be dishonest.  Customer Service help is useless. Do not read; Ignore qu's; Repeat themselves; Cut you off - have to start & explain again in circles; Don't contact you back as promised; Copy & paste info already said; No ethical security or responsibility & nothing they can do except take many risks & hope for the best.- False pricing/MOQ - 300-10,000% variance to their claimed prices.- False ad info - Search filters are useless- False ads connect to Order form- Invoices/quotes attached do NOT match TA contract- Currency rate applied so buyers have to pay more before Alibaba exchange
Dear, i have a problem with credit cards payment sometimes it does fail the payment with some suppliers but my cards are working with all other online sites. this is making my business late because i have to do T/T transfers and to wait 7 days for payment confirmation and take risk to make payment out of alibaba
Orders were closed and confirmed automatically from system before the goods was delivered in fact. Real shipments were out of control from the system. Seller made made part shipments to us. At the time the last part shipment arrived with us the order was closed already and confirmed from the system. Claims were not possible any more.
I feel like the Trade Assurance served its purpose.
No protection for buyers I prefer Paypal.
not exist this problem
I recommend it because the payment is done safely and I can trust the Alibaba company
safe, and fast method of payment.
For peace of mind
es buen servicio pero tardan mucho en hacer los envios
quick and very easy to use plus you have peace of mind that everything will go through and be ok
I BOUGHT TWO ITEMS THROUGH ALIBABA.COMNOTHING HAS ARRIVED YETBUT, I GOT EMAILS FROM ALIBABA.COM   THEY TELL ME MY ITEMS HAVE BEEN DELIVERED.THIS IS LIE.VERY BAD SERVICE.
you can find the product and price your are looking for and good customer service
good products and service
the merchandise arrived and that is important
I'm hoping you work with PayPal for payment. I like their layer of security for payment.
When you click on "received product" the System unfrozed the payment almost immediately, that action cause a lot of trouble when you?re trying to claim problems with the product.thanks.
Thanks
It gives the buyer a guarantee
OK
the platform is very safe and complete.
best assurance
shipping could be better
I would recommend trade assurance for the peace of mind.
it was mandatory.
Service is reliable.
Trade assurance helps me feel safe when ordering online from suppliers and makes it easy to pay and keep track of my orders.
Alibaba said order was complete when it wasn't. That made me put in a refund request because I did not get goods. The supplier had to try to find out why Alibaba got it wrong. A mess for everybody.
its ok
great communication and very good products.
.
put your mind at rest that you aint being scammed
After 8 months of providing evidence that the vendor sent defective material to Europe, Trade Assurance just said it could do nothing. I lost more than 3000 USD and Alibaba.com did nothing to protect the customer from an unscrupulous seller.
terrific service
I have placed an order for Mask almost 3 month ago. seller provide me with fake shipping confirmation and tracking # several times, I filled the claim and sent several request to Alibaba to return my money. No action taken by Alibaba.You are a company who does not protect the client.
The provider does not mention the issue of warranty.
I feel confident receiving my shipping confirmation and tracking knowing my order is on its way internationally
I would recommend the site but I will highlight that most of the prices shown in the site are reference price and that you need to contact every vendor before buying anything.Additionally, I would strongly recommend to do research outside the site before buying because the dispute process is very slow and you can't get the money back in less than two months or so.
Many of the suppliers are not truthful in their price quotes and the numbers double and triple when you go to place the order.  Also, many force you to pay and communicate outside Alibaba and make bak transfers to them directly, I assume to avoid paying a fee to Alibaba. This has compromised many of my orders and I wish there was a more transparent way to police this.
Great products, Great customer service, Great communication, Shipping times and prices can be better.
Because the suppliers do not comply with their word and if i want to claim they said they have all the things to win
I would like to see trade assurance extended to cover extremely late arrivals.
i cant use this. Thanks
I don't really know how it would work if I had a problem.
Because is a good way to avoid scams
The trade assurance
n/a
Agilidad y cumplimiento
No worry
It gives peace of mind when you are buying from a seller knowing that they have to honor the agreement you make.
I would recommend because it worked very well for me. Thanks
I love Alibaba and will recommend
I do recommend it because it is a good institution that guarantees that the transactions are made transparently for the veneration of both parties, both the buyer and the seller
I would recommend because of price, despite some supliers does not answer the inquiry
i HAVENT HAD ANT ISSUES, WITH ANY VENDORS
I am very satisfied and everything has always worked so wellthank you
Shipping delays.  Customer service hours are opposite my own waking hours.
Peace of mind when ordering
Good service and easy to transact.
I bought 200 bottles disinfection Spray. (WITH so called "Trade Assurence")As the goods arrived the packaging was wet, the bottles leaked, were very dirty, all labels weren't readable and loos & broken parts flew around all over the package!I opened a Case because I wanted the money back and You (Alibaba) told me that there is no way for a refund and that I could have 100$ back !!!So I did everything as wished, the seller as well as shipping company did a very bad job and I payed the price for it!!!I PAID much money for a package of rubbish and you tell me to give me back 1/4 of the hole sum.That is bullshit and if somebody say's "Your order is fully covered by Trade Assurance" is it a fat lie!!!YOUR TRADE ASSURENCE IS A BIG AND FAT LIE AND I WILL NEVER EVER PUT TRUST IN YOUR ASSURENCE AGAIN !!!!!!!!
would - safety
nil
Prompt response
very helpful
Where is my order at? I never received my order.
I recommend trade assurance it's secured
I only buy using trade assurance to protect myself from fraudulent sellers. I recently had an encounter with a seller whom I paid and my shipment never went out. I requested for a refund and the seller will not respond to my messages. It's an inconvenience to me because I don't know if these sellers on this platform are scammers. I would like a refund on my order.
Great protection for buyers.
It should be more concise.
Trust of suppliers and efficient delivery
I would recommen Trade Assurance service for a safe transaction
Shipping was fast but delay for Visa approval was annoying. Products was good quality.
still in doubt, since there are orders that I had to cancel, and another that still does not arrive in breach of the delivery date
ease of use
You can paid with credit card but suppliers translate their fee to the order final ammount. So, we as a buyer paid a fee and the supplier also paid a fee.
Good process. I would recommend.
I would recommend it because it is a way to guarantee a transaction and that generates trust
ik think it makes me feel secure.
very satisfied
shipping time is too long for South America and the cost of a private courier is too high.
I have never used it.
It gives options and when companies do not want to use the service for business it makes me uncomfortable. For me it is a kill dealer especially on large orders. A current deal I had maybe dead because the churches were uncomfortable with it not coming through Trade Assurance Service. It also helps keep all conversations in one place and there are are a lot of safe guards for purchases, complaints, refunds and resolution to any other problem. I just like having it on line on the Alibaba web site despite the fees and the people I sell to like that format also.
my items are taking at least a month long to get to me, many people say go buy from alibaba but when i bought from here, i haven't gotten any of my products expect one i'm running a business so its mandatory that i get my products on time
its safer
We can make a lot of bussiness
It gives me peace of mind
Cons:(a) Web site is very clunky and slow to use.  (b) A lot of wasted screen  real estate that could be put to better use rather than having to chase through multiple screens and/or repeated scrolling.(c) I tend to use Google and other search engines to find products on Ali as Ali's systems lack a granular search capability.  If you think about it, the value proposition for both buyer (locating the right product) and seller (accurately representing identifiable product) is predicated the ability to search and promote respectively.  The needed for or reliance on external search engines reduces Ali's ability to fully own the sale process, let alone slowing down the buying process.Pros:Access to a lot of useful product at very reasonable rates.Most suppliers have been excellent to deal with.
because Im pleased with the service, and the protection I get. gives me peace of mind to know you protect my orders
I have been doing business in these platform several times and mostly everything works fine.
Great product for the price.
easy communication and fast shipping
I got prompt attention from sellers and was informed at ever step along the way to delivery. Very goo service.
great prices good quality products & vendors.
I find the items and right vendor what I want.
good service, but a lot of scams.  i understand is free but sometime scams are so clear that looks like is not check at all
Wonderful updates and service!
yes
Easy to use and have me confidence
OK
na
n/a
They are saying they shipped out my order built I have never received it
Can not get my money from this seller!!!!! They DID NOT send my products that I ordered to the US. They said they sent them to Canada and refuse to give me back my money!!!!!!!!!!! Scam website! I will be telling our president not to do business with you!
It gives assurance you will get product
its trust worthy and good prices when ordering direct without any middle men
Based on my experience, everything went well. I would recommend for that reason.
I would recommend it because negotiation was very easy, very fast and kind response and fast shippings
There was no problems with transation or getting the products, everything was smooth and delivery via DHL very fast.
I don't know, I like to help people but I wouldn't want to give them access to where I get my products for my business . I will recommend to anyone that asks where to start their search.
I would recommend it because it makes you feel you are making a safe translation with a professional.
So far I have not had any problems with my suppliers so I cannot comment on it.
It is not easy to communicate with some of the agents, the communication is done in English and the people who attend do not have good knowledge or do not use a good translation tool, this limits, because the communication feels broken and a level of trust is not generated.Perhaps this can also be used to not provide 100% information, but fragmented, as happened to me in the only purchase of thermometers that I have made through the platform, you can check the chat, that despite having requested an image of the thermometer display, never showed and this leads to buy something that would not have bought, less for the price at which I did.The delivery times were not met, one thing was what was agreed in the negotiation, another was what was stated in the contract and another what happened.In general the experience has not been bad, only with the thermometers.
N/A
Making payments through the app is a little bit difficult
love the outfits , fits perfect
smooth communication
They have lost an order for me recently... Can`t find it anywhere...
I did ask for a full refund a month ago because the supplier did not sent the corrert product. I classified what the watch would be but the seller did not sent the correct movement of the watch. The movement of the watch is literally not what I ordered. Trade assurance is a joke that buyers are assured when the seller did not send the correct product.
1 on time delivery place want an illustrative map of the delivery company, most of the orders are in received condition and have not reached the custmer2 they give u compensation when the order is damage and this is most important
goods will be shipped and arrive safely.
Its been very trustfull to work throu alibaba
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as it provides protection to the buyer for products sold and monies transacted.Thank you.
Very good service
Have not had to call upon any complaints as all of our deliveries have been on time and good quality.
WE BUY SAMEPLE PICE BUT THEY DID'MENSTION COMPANY NAME  THEY DINOT WRIT ON ADTRES IT SAMPLE PICE SELLER I TOLD ALL THINGS SHE WONT LISTION WE 100% TAX  BECAUSE OF HIM
your money is secure and you are guaranteed that the supplier will not supply you the wrong items.Alibaba becomes some sort of a guarantee, seeing to it that the goods are delivered to the purchaser.
Xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxx xxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxx
Because it's safe and easy
You can do business with us with peace of mind.
ability to have safety choosing vendorsability to have custom design products madeability to have alibaba manage disputes
I would recomend to anyone.
extent service
very responsable
i would recommend due to the protection
NONE
A+++++
Trade assurance duration should be tied to the shipping time of the order. My last order the trade assurance timed out even before I got the shipment.
Es muy complicado sus portal y el tema de los contratos de pedidos, se vuelve algo complejo ya que los cabian los provedores, por otro lado empece la disputa y practicamnte nos dejan solo a los compradores en ves de garantizarnos el pago como en amazon.
It feels safer
The manufacturer representative has been very professional and helpful, and he has also provided incredibly helpful work for the DPP method of shipping my products to the USA.
your purchase will be cover by it..
I Recommend to others because, all the suppliers are very kind also they are very friendly and very professional they help you in whatever you need.
i only gave it an 8 because the shipping process is long but everything was great
like the service
Simple and trustfull.
I have been scammed for $13000aud on the site and Alibaba has not settled my dispute in 3 monthsThe system seems it does not care that companies are scamming international customers
very efficient service from all sellers and quality products
I would recommend your company
Safer, less chance for fraud
Because it is a means that provides security both in the transaction and in the payment to suppliers
items are as ordered.
Friendly representatives that try and find the best solution possible for me. Except one. She was not so friendly.
Fast shipping and great prices.
I would definitely recommend Trade Assurance Service as it protects my orders and my investments.
after I made the payment, the providers told me some products were out of stock and a lot of other providers never answered me after I made the first aproached
Trade Assurance is certainly worth having.
no
The security and the facility they give.
It is good to have some assurance to be on the safe side as with more and more business conducted online mor and more scammer will try to take advantage of the growing popularity of online shopping
the instant ship vendors take too long to ship. Response is slow.
i have not got my order and the time has pass but still waiting for my order
perfect
Fast and verified.
i dont recive my order
its the best
Very fast and helpful.
efe
competitor
Refund case is not resolved
I would like Indian manufacturers to be able to use the Trade assurance programme. I believe this will improve their chances of selling products as many people in the UK wont order from indian suppliers solely based on the fact that they do not have Trade assurance.
One of my shipment through Alibaba warehouse and got stuck for days
excellent treatment, good person, answer questions quickly.
It’s some pretty good vendors on here as well as affordable but some of the vendors have false advertising. The sample pieces was a $1 and when I asked she got mad and told me bye ! That’s rude.
not now
The previous purchases and handling have been very satisfactory. I will be happy to continue shopping here.
My first transaction was very good and it was very pleasant talking to the representative. Received my items in good shape
Yes
there is not much help from companies. Either you are already grown up, or you don't get collaboration.
simple and trust
I try for 2 mounths get my money back, because the seller send me damaged devices and I cannot get my money back. I sendet many photos, descriptions and nothing helped. I want my money back.
It's not necessary
You can never have enough insurance.
I would because it keep things from being wasted.
Really Secure
I would not recommend Alibaba to my customers, because I do not want to reveal my sources!
Good quality and good communication
Because he does not protect me.In a dispute that I led with a seller who violated the contract on the delivery date, and the dispute committee did not plead guilty. And I just spent a lot of money
TrustCheap(can negotiate)Easy to use
Trade Assurance Service gives you the impression that Alibaba is a very serious company with serious dealers - Great
Gives you more security
great service
the simplicity of trading has become easier than ever, why wouldnt i recommend Trade Assurance Service
Very reliable and professional suppliers
Great communication and I can find just about everything.
una buena y satisfactoria respuesta
Peace of mind that Alibaba recommend thee suppliers
Reliable and honest service
It takes a long time to give a specific answer, the deadlines that are established to provide solutions to the client's requirements are not met and finally they do not meet what they promise, in my case it will remain to reimburse me 125 dollars from the supplier and 50 dollars by alibaba, the latter will not finally be deposited by alibaba
I would recommend it because it builds trust for the buyers that they will receive what they have paid for
The company I deal with is responsive, helpful and produces a great product.
Honest transaction and quality item
The customer service was good in terms of communication. The watch itself took a very long time to arrive. I understand that there is Covid19 but I ordered other things that got to me in no time. This watch took over a month to arrive. Then the quality of the watch was not very good. I don't want to be mean or talk down on the product but just my honest review is that it feels cheap and the watch strap broke while trying to use the tool to shorten it's length. I'm trying to start a watch company and I would not sell this product to anyone with my brand on it.
Easy to buy
so far it is reliable. it gives buyers peace of mind
They are on the side of the manufacturer/supplier and not the customer.  They also give the manufacturer/supplier extra time to upload evidence.  Trade Assurance does not follow the policy of gathering evidence from customer then supplier then making a decision.  Their policy is gather evidence from customer, then supplier, then give more time to supplier, then give more time to supplier, then give more time to supplier and keep suggesting customer and supplier work it out even when the complaint gets escalated.  Trade Assurance I do not trust anymore.
haven't really needed it yet, the manufacturers that i've been contacting have held on to their side of the deal
My experience with alibaba has been good so far.
It could be more user friendly but it is Functional and useful.
I will need to use the service more before giving it a full rating. So far so good though!
Payment problem still did not solve
ok
Didn't work for the one time I needed to use it, but it's still a nice addition.
I have found the service to work well.  This is my first order from Alibaba and Trade Assurance made the process very easy.
Very bad delivery with Covid, prices are no more competitive, supplyer not serious
No refunds given after awful seller practices.
Alibaba made it fast and easy to purchase internationally. It felt almost like a domestic purchase!
Items sent to me look nothing like the photo and are the wrong size
The communication between the seller and the buyer, the contract you generate with all the agreements and the transaction insurance builds trust
I'd advise, no problems so far. good business.
Very simple to use and know the service is there if there is an issue with a vendor.
Product arrived and was well packaged
It is a very good way to do new business and become de-versified.
tempi di spedizione molto superiori alle aspettative ed a quanto dicichiarato in fase di ordine
I would recommend Trad Assurance to feel safe doing transactions with a stranger.
alibaba wit hanother company offers buy now pay later to the usa which isnt available to me but would help my business so much so that if i am running low on stock i can pay for it on buy now pay later so that it can start being made shipped and saves me time . as of now if i want stock becasue of the type i have to pay for it before the item is even made or sample made, i then have to wait two weeks for it to be shipped 12 days to arrvie then  it takes me a further two weeks to put them togtether advertise them that in total is a month. so if i had buy now pay later i could have my stock in advance before what i have runs out and saves me having to get into money issues. it also stops me from purchasing some items i need straight away until i have the money to pay for it . espically during covid. both of these i feel would help me and others .
It is a security to what you are acquiring and gives total confidence to acquire more products through this platform
I am happy with your Trade Assurance protection to me as a buyer.
Good satisfaction customer
I havent received the parcel
Excellent customer service and very willing to help and assist.
is very shure
n/a
I like the service they are very professional
Works perfect
Provides confidence in my order.
it gives me the confidence and protection
I bought several times with success, but it seems it all depends on the supplier's good faith, because at the first product received with poor quality, I requested refund under the Trade Assurance procedure, but the given time to get an external validation of 10 days, was the half of the time the supplier shown to "prove" his product quality (20 days). I asked for more time, and noted to you the result of that report wasn't consistent with the certificate sent by them before the dispatch.The trade assurance was useless, even when normal sense gives the chance to investigate further, which was not the case. Lazyness of the agent reviewing?I defined stop buying through the platform because the buyings ARE NOT ASSURED.
It is great to have access to so many manufacturers.Probably 15% of the companies do not return an inquiry though
have a refund re
Reliable
It gives confidence to the buyer.
I feel secure placing orders through Alibaba with new suppliers. Plus I feel the suppliers are more honorable knowing that their transactions and messages are monitored through Alibaba.
|||
On-time delivery
Transactions are easy
Great way to protect buyers
good
Trade Assurance is easy to use and provides security for the buyer that I will be refunded if the supplier does not ship the product as specified.
Never received the order
I would recommend because there is a wide range of varierty and for the most part the service is good.
I have not been used it yet
efficient, easy to understand, i feel safe
I received damage goods and some items missing from my package. I start inquiry with alibaba and still no response. I think alibaba does not protect the customer. They protect the company instead
easy platform to meet new suppliers
hice mi pedido y se quedo en aduana, al solicitar reembolso me dijeron que era mi problema, no me regreso mi dinero
So far I have still not received my order and the dashboard doesn't clarify anything.
things went smoothly
BECAUSE I'M BUYING FOR A LONG TIME PRODUCTS IN ALIBABA MOSTLY ONCE A MONTH I SPEND 2000-3000 USD EVEN MORE SOMETIMES I ALWAYS TOUGHT TRADE ASSURANCE WAS GOOD....LAST YEAR FIRST TIME EVER I VE ADD A TROUBLESHOT WITH AN ORDER THE SUPPLIER SENT ME USED PRODUCT AND I PAID FOR A BRAND NEW ONE I VE ASKED TRADE ASSURANCE TO HELP ME...THEY TOLD ME BECAUSE I DIDNT RECORD  A VIDEO WHEN I OPEN THE PACKAGE THEY CANT BE SURE THE PRODUCT IS ON VIDEO IS THE ONE SUPPLIER SHIPPED ME, THEY JUST CLOSED THE CASE EBVEN ME SENDING HUNBDREDS EVIDENCES AND I DIDNT GET ONE PENNY REFUND...THIS WAS CATASTROFIC SITUATION AND I VED LOST AROUND 2000 USD IN THAT PURCHASE...I CAN GIVE YOU ORDER NUMBER Order No.29282866501028040   |  2020-02-11 I WILL NEVER TRUST TRADE ASSURANCE ANYMORE, THEY ARE JUST WRITTEN TO MAKE A NICE INVOICE THAT'S ALL THEY ARE NEEDED FOR!!!
long time
Good service
Took way too long, I wasn't able to add additional information once the original submission was made, nor was I able to respond to the supplier when they submitted false information.Supplier told us to cancel the dispute and they would refund right away I guess so the dispute wouldn't show on their record? What is the point then?
It's buggy, there's a lot of failures in the programming of the website. Data from sellers is not reliable
Low transaction cost. But work on introducing more currencies such as KES.
i love this site!!!!! shipping costs are a little steep sometimes but the clothing material seems like it improves every time i receive an order.... communication is always great throught the whole transaction which makes it easier to understand whats going on with your package... THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!
The reason I wouldn't is because the shipping is so expensive sometimes it cost more than what you are ordering. I would,because it gives you security in knowing if something goes wrong they will make it right.
I recently placed an order for lip gloss tubes and boxes the supplier shipped off the order and the products were stopped and sent back because they stated there were dangerous goods. I applied for a refund and the supplier has had no response or very little letting me know the progressing of a refund this is very unprofessional.
Alibaba.com trade assurance service it's a scamm.  Doesn't protect the buyers from bad suppliers
Everything went very well - no surprises, the company produced and delivered as promised - all the money transactions were safe and I even got a refund when the the shipping amount changed to be less-
It allows business owners to buy with confidence. Trade Assurance is streamlined and organized, and the refund policy is great.
The support officer ignored my evidence and repeatedly gave odds to the fraudulent seller. Despite the obvious fraud on the part of the seller, he was not blocked on Alibaba and he continues to deceive people.
No
Michelle is an amazing person to order from she always reply and she’s very helpful & the product of the hair is amazing
Good Quality Good Product. Excellent customer service
I bought items using the trade assurance and the orders have not been received over 2 months and the tracking number has still not moved, yet you are refusing to refund my money that is not good at all when there is no real guarantee for me to get my refund so now i lose money and also the products how can that be good???
for order security
safe transaction
THE COST
très bonne transaction je suis très satisfis
Great
easy and safe
I have order goods, they came nearly 2 months late, i didnt want the goods in the first place as i didnt have use for them. dispute officer who was handling the case tod me to be patient that the goods are comming and didnt even informed me that i have a right not to accept and will be refunded. then seller provided false or missdirected proof of make shipping in time but it wasnt. Ofiicer handling the case rulled in favout of seller even he knew i asked for a proper proof and didnt even bothered to investigate more. I requested the proof of shipping from china to germany number of times and he ignored. then he stated that i signed the goods so i accepted the late delivery. NOONE told me that and he had number of chances to inform me as my dispute officer and he ignored it completely. It was completely unfair judgment and i am planning to use my lawyers to work out legal chrges against aliababa as this was complete breach of contract on alibaba and seller side.
Costs
Because of the safety
Because of the prices
no reasons
nothing more important than guaranteeing ones money
It makes me feel safer to do transactions.
its easy to work with people from ChinaAnd I love it!
The product was as expected
because the fees for the payment should not be on the buyer.
I have yet to see any evidence that
So far so good. My first Transaction in Alibaba was smooth i recieved my package early than i expected. And i didn't expect that it's easy to communicate with the supplier. and their english is very fluent. Looking forward to my next transaction. x.o.x.o
Simple and affordable sourcing.
It's quite versatile and easy to use.
its hard to get to your customer service.
Great communication with the vendors I have purchased from, fast shipping for some as well.
Cause its easy
I was very pleased with the fair agreement that was reached when I used the trade assurance service.
I would recommend
Secure
Item did not arrive on time, but was automatically confirmed as received.
Because I get good prices and the wholesalers are willing to work with me.
#NAME?
easy to work with
i must pay custom 61 and a litle more but the give me 35  thats not nice i must not pay for custom so i wille have the full 61 of custum i payed for the goods
will
The product is of great quality and shipping was fast.
nice
I do not try it, but I believe on it. Perhaps I would reccomend it.
Sometimes the supplier does not like the extra charge
Because Guaranteed secure transactions are more efficient prices and are always responded by customer service
we have always had satisfaction with alibaba
shipping was fast and customer service was good
I feel secure with you
No input at this time.
Peace of mind if anything went wrong
I'm satified with your service and Trade Assurace gives me confidence to make my purchase. Thank you.
for the protection of seller and buyer
I purchased a battery in Oct 2019, for SD Power products, they’re product is faulty, and you won’t assist in getting a warranty replacement. Now i seek a refund. 6months, and seller stuffs me around.. Furious. as battery was expensive
i have done a lot of shopping through Alibaba but the one time i have an issue with a seller they failed to address the issue. I was forced to buy a product by a seller but when i brought it up with Alibaba they failed to address the issue.
Easy to look for inventory
so far no issue
It helps the buyer feel secure while purchasing with a company on Alibaba.
The Chinese people are very friends and efficient.
Excellent service in my first buy with Alibaba.  Fantastic.
It is a great benefit for the customers.
It's simple, fast, and safe.
Payment platform is not stable enough, incorporating PayPal may make payment seamless and flawless
I feel safe
When dispute occurs, Trade Assurance staff will only "compel" vendor to refund.  It is not assuring enough."we are unable to compell vendor" .  Alibaba is supposed to assure buyer who paid trade assurance fee that if vendor breached the contract, Alibaba will refund.So in this case, paying trade assurance fee is useless
didn't need to use it yet
Trade assurance is reliable and easy to use.
I have been purchasing Trade Assurance through Alibaba purchases. I needed to use it,and Alibaba decided to refund. But our company policy is to have a chargeback which we had already exercised. Upon Alibaba finding we did a chargeback, Alibaba decided Pending Issuing bank to review. But there should not be an issue since Alibaba judged we should have a refund. We need some help or I do not see any reason to use Alibaba Assurance again.Order number:35504490501027674
Trade assurance was a disappointment. TA rep was not addressing my detailed explanations, and appeared taking supplier side and turning the whole claim into a burdensome requests from me.That is not what I called expeditious and efficient resolution'He also did not read my response, by repeating asking me for the same matter twice
no one is helping me i tried ordering for 6 days
mis productos llegaron despues de 24 dias de realizar el
security of transaction
No specific reason comes to mind at this time.
it gives you confidence on shopping and investing through the website, and it is very easy to apply for it
secures orders
Im very glad to
to protect the customer
I will recommend because is peace of  mind for me.
great trade platform
I would recommend Alibaba because it is easy to use for various transaction and safe. However, Alibaba fee is kind of high.
I haven't received my products nor any information on why its over 30 days. UPS showing shipping label was made May 27th. An I placed my order on May 14, 2020. Im not understanding why I don't have my order an its 6/23/2020
because very hard to find good suppliers with trade assurance. also dispute process is very worst dispute agents always ask questions in suppliers favor. 70% suppliers are showing good quality products and send us lower quality products. needs to be strict with suppliers like eBay does.
Iwill recommend once I have trade more, as this was the first shipment and everything was fine, but need to buy more stuffs in order to identify opportunities to improve
It makes me feel secured and the best thing the sellers are respecting to the deliveries and communication. Without the assurance, it is almost impossible for a secure and sustainable business. thanks.But one drawback is when I give an order, the order tracking number is appearing in Alibaba system very late. It may take 4 to 5 days. But normally the tracking numbers are being cleared in one day. So if Alibaba enters the tracking numbers quickly, it will be a perfect service. thanks
not everyone is honest
shipping is taking to much time
is an efficient and reliable service
this entire insurance system does what insures the supplier against legal claims of the one who has already paid for the delivery, and then another 2-3 times for the transportation of a defective replacement. Needless to say about the feedback from our customers, which we lose due to the garbage that the seller sends us. Bottom line: huge losses (repainting, electroplating and other corrections) so as not to refund fines to customers, and the seller feels great and says: "There is no marriage, we checked everything."Exchange of 5 positions out of 90 takes a month and again we have to pay the way for all this. This is a circus, not insurance.
So far, communicating and trading with Alibaba suppliers has been very easy.
customers spends big money on products so it should always have even the most basic assurance for the product they are  buying.
Great way to do business with people you don't know and don't trust.
It is comforting to know that adequate governance comes with the service
Good service
You make it impossible to get a refund from companies that are dishonest. I have been waiting weeks for two refunds from a company that has not shipped my products. I don't believe Trade Assurance means anything.
security of trade
THE SELLER TRIED TO SEND ME COUNTERFIT PRODUCT
The credit card charges is quite a lot. Although I understand there is a charge to cover your cost. But to recommend it to someone else is another thing. Things don't look as cheap as they are .
good app
Process is very slow and comunication difficult
I heard it's safe, but he fee is rather too high
Good reliable service.
Safe
I have nothing but positive experiences working with Trade Assurance Service. I have had successful trades and also a refund on a trade I had to back out of.
I love the way alibaba protects buyers
n/a
Very great service
It's good to know your payment is secure.
very bad service seller lied to me and didnt get proper manegment from alibaba servuce
some of the clothing sellers are posting photos of product that are from other brands. Maybe those brands are their customers, however we the customers do not know. It's hard to like a sample shown on their product page but in reality they don't have the specific t-shirt posted. Just something similar but not the actual product.
I have been sold products that do not correspond to those ordered and with falsified documentation
all good!
The product corresponds to what was agreed upon.
It creates a paper trail so there is clear understanding .
A lot of scammers.when u find a good company and you paid throw the web, they take a long time to process almost two weeks for some goods, shipping is good by air. but its worst by Sea i do have a lot of goods since april and still not received and i don't know were is the shipment.
no risk
Please support more payment method.
I could buy items with confidence.
One of the products I found out about was faulty after the trade assurance.
No warranty - not usable!Insanely high fees!
Gives greater confidence
My last trade assurance order supplier handed over consignment very late. When the consignment arrived the fuel dispenser has Chinese main boards. The suppliers does not pick phone, answer whatsapp. We did this transaction thinking it is Trade Assurance order but have not recd equipment as per our requirement. There is no way we can contact the supplier. We have incurred loss of USD 8075.
easy and cheap wepsight to buy from it but the delivery still expensive and takes to long time
The goods I was waiting for are still stationary in Singapore but the duration of the Trade Assurance is predetermined and cannot be extended, not taking into account the real shipping times in this world emergency period due to the covid-19.
#NAME?
dident got the product
I am really happy with my main supplier. I receive exceptional service every time i place a order with her. I have already told people to come shop with her.
It seems legit but I have not used it yet.
Shipping on an order has taken 10 weeks so far and still has not arrived.  Trade Assurance has already expired before I have the goods! It should not expire until the tracking shows delivered!
the prices are not same with offers on seller companies. for example on the page says a product price between 20-25 usd, asking price than they say 50 usd.
safe and easy
many different product and services in one place
Easy to use and communicate with suppliers.
If you want me to provide feedback, why do you limit the text field to a tiny amount of words? you lose a lot of information because people like me just don't send the feedback at all.. Allow us to send an attachment PDF if there is not enough space..
everything was fine
It makes me confident in my purchases in knowing either I will get my items or get my money back.
Many companies offer good product knowledge and willing to negotiate custom products. This is very good. But I had a bad experience with a company I found in Alibaba who sold me different product to their product information provided by them. They admit the product is different, but refuse to offer anything to resolve the situation for me. As they requested to pay them directly, it was not covered by Alibaba Trade Assurance. Therefore people must be careful of some companies found on Alibaba, even when discussing with them products and purchase methods via the Alibaba chat, like I did.
I will recommend trade assurance service but need to improve on supplier respond time
nope can't think of any
Trade Assurance must be extended for at least 3 months. With COVID-19 situation, all factories in China were closed. By the time, they reopened, I was outside of the warranty period. This is unacceptable.
efficiently and effectively
The companies are good so far. Some do not communicate well.
Security
Its a great kind of payment method
I feel Trade Assurance Service is very reliable, and Alibaba is very good reputation in the world . I would strongly recoomend to my friends.
Efficient and delivery wise is reasoable however tracking is very difficult.
fast and easy to trade even with payment
no need
trade safe
GOOD PROTECTION
I haven't used Alibaba enough to make a strong opinion.
The only issue is the trade assurance period of 45 days was not long enough for some of our orders.  It is unclear what recourse we have if the goods do not arrive within that window.
Confusing, Clunky, chat help times out and disconnects, assistants don't speak English, very hard to understand, too many requests and un-solicited requests,
Totally would recome it, for peace of mind
Great service and fast shipping! Definitely will be purchasing new product from them again!
To unreliable. Sellers do not publish their real prices. Everything depends on trading and communication. Seller often try to fool you - all togehter not very efficient.
would not recommend
confidence in security and buyer protection
Because the prices displayed are often not the actual prices and shipping is typically quite complicated and convoluted. And the prices also change and seem very high compared to the most of the products - often 2-3x the cost of the actual product.
Fast shipping and great product!
N/A
because in this  page i found evrtything that i need for  my company
Seamless experience with absolutely no issues. Seller was very quick and responsive even after sale was complete. No shipping cost surprises.
I recommend trade assurance for peace of mind.
You can make good deals
worked perfectly
I just placed my first order and I was uncertain of the shipping term stated on the invoice. I seek help from the Alibaba representative and she explained in details and informed me what to look out for. Because of that I requested my supplier to change the shipping term so that my order will be under trade assurance coverage. I am not saying the supplier intentionally tricked me but the fact that I have someone to "look after" my interests helps me to place orders more confidently. Thanks!
Today's Date - June 22, 2020I placed an order on March 22, 2020 and despite inquiries via Alibaba Chat I have not received any goods nor any communication as to the reason for the delay.
1
Trade asurance was never served when seller didn't delivered goods or goods was not as in contract.
I never would do because i never got help from the service team, they always said "don't worry don't worry" but never something happened that helped me. after i received the goods i bought here on alibaba the item broke and i looked for help from alibaba, but i never got help because the service team told me that its to late and they can't help me, and i should clear with seller..... i will never buy anything from alibaba again because i don't have a guarantee from alibaba.com for the items i buy here
The ease to complete business transaction within the platform.
Service was prompt and resolution was quick. I was assured my monies would be refunded if products was not received.
great and safe
i was never sure if alibaba do not cover the trade assurance during the receipt and now the supplier is already giving me a bad time and i am small business owner just very disappointment when i heard from the alibaba dispute team that alibaba does not cover trade assurance refund during receipt time.
no others
most merchants do not even respond.
Until now everything is okay
it denied my debit card
It's a scam, you promised to protect the buyer but I didn't receive any help from you.
nice trading
good service.
Good
i would recommend the services because of the high security
Safe and secure
I not easy to see and found good products. Evrything is very mixed.
Because often not all my questions are answered and it seems like the sellers are only interested in how many I will order!!
amazing
Felt safe
It will never let me process payment!!!
you cannot speak with anyone. not a good way of doing business
Trust
cheap
because it gives us security when making the purchase. and avoid future scams
easy to use to the point
I know that my order is protected!
Trade assurance security
So far im very satisfied cause suppliers through alibaba force to reply right away.
Makes me feel safer when purchasing from overseas
It gives me peace of mind
Easy transactions and timing of deliveries are favorable.
That s good
The trade assurance is good but for me is hard to find a supplier that seems good to me.
not got my product yet
no
I HAD NO WAY TO RESPOND DIRECTLY TO YOU.
I am not fully informed.
The entire system is well organized, and easy to communicate with suppliers.
n/a
I never met any scammer on alibaba and I really appreciate this.
Good products
In case you need this service, in my experience it does not protect the buyer, but the seller ... In addition, there is poor communication, you wait a long time for an answer ...
It took too long to manage the problem.
I recommend it for the reason of legibility, on the other hand, trade assurance filters many suppliers with a better products and cost.
still wattling my order and i cant cancel order
Fast process
I would recommend it because it seems a good assurance. Likely I have never had the chance to claim it..
It's easy for me to find supplier and the business is assured.
evfgf sabfghmjnhbgfdscagfxcfghjmgfdsgfhjknhgfdsafdgmhjhgfdsavfgfnjnmyjyrnjgfngdnbgdbsfvsjdoivgjoirjvgijrvoijroivbiofdjbvoijdsfljvlkfdsjvblkjfdskbvjdshvkjjdslkfbvfs
So far so good
credit card charges are very high!
It gives sense of safety
I will recommend because all of the items you are searching can be found here at alibaba.com. Also, i like the dealings, its very easy and so many possible suppliers to choose from. You can also see the credibility of the supplier, with complete information
base on my experience with suppliers. They were very accommodating and transactions were fast
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it helps  us to feel secure for doing business in Alibaba.
i have not use  it so i dont know if its good.
fast and friendly service
everyone that i've come across on this site so far seemed to be honest and fair. Also shipping isn't too long.
Alibaba works well as a merchant connecting and for distributor kind of relationships and ordering; but has been weak in going into creating deeper, more meaningful type partnerships.
It is safe and convenient.
the vendors on here are not accurate in their descriptions and products. would like refund
I have placed orders with companies on alibaba and what a terrible service i have experienced. I've had to cancel orders as i have been mislead by suppliers and products take to long and then they don't have them in stock when i've already paid. In australia we have a professional policy which must be meet.
It seems to work OK - though I have never had to make a claim.
Lo recomiendo porque es efectivo hasta el momento en que llega el producto
good sevrice
Perfect.... Easy to understand for person without technical know how.
I am sure that my money is going to be refunded if anything bad happens.
It is a little difficult to navigate your website and track emails and orders, but I am getting used to it.
good service
It’s easy and fast, also super  safe
convenient and fast payment system.
I do not really understand Trade Assurance.
i like it
Easy to contact and talk to manufacturers. Good order system.
great job
Because this service have protected me pretty well from seller on Alibaba.
Long time shipping
Trade Assurance Service appears to be in place to protect the seller and isn't very helpful for the buyer.
I've always had a good experience working with manufacturers on the Alibaba platform!
I'm happy with the alibaba services because it gime me  confidence to make more deals. the pay methos are suitabe for me
The website is not secure at all, a lot of scam in the chat... every single one ask for your phone number and deny to do bussiness inside the website...
It?s all good.
Great service, quick response, and she understood everything I was trying to achieve, and even made great suggestions. Overall, I’m very happy with the service provided by Annita
mejorar mas los chat
Trade assurance is a very good service to have. It helps keep everyone honest and you know you are getting good quality service
I recommended,,,
Good price, responsive vendor
It sounds like a good idea all in all, though for smaller orders it's a bit expensive.
Alibaba's warranty service is very good and safe, it allows you to do business with complete peace of mind knowing that your investment is safe and that nothing bad will happen.It is a huge tranquility and without hesitation I would do the transactions a thousand and once for TRADE INSURRACESS.Good and excellent service.
No
I didn't get my merchandise
I had a very pleasant experience. Easy to communicate. Reasonable quote. They took care of shipping. Product as promised.
Ease of use
I recommend it because it's a safe way to keep track of your orders and your payments. If in any case you have trouble with a supplier you have the trade assurance service to back you up.
It gives you a sense of security buying online.
Best service!
anything and everything other then some trading companies.
Excellent service.
My order is not being protected against late shipment or upholding terms in the contract.
Great options to choose from and easy to use.
Great Products
Some good descriptions do not match with the detailed description.
Protects every trade deal making sure the customer has guaranttee of goods delivered or money refunded
It is good but you should check somehow to be sure about completed shippments. Last week my provider changed the freight agency and the cancellation of the first one make the order to change status to complete.
on time delivery
ok
It's safe
Peace of mind
well, I've ordered two shipments of parts for chars through the platform and both times i've ended up receiving incorrect parts or parts that do not fit. I can't believe how much time is spent talking to the different vendors, and only to be at a loss of money.
I got no help from alibaba. Alibaba done all to support manufecturer. And as i see they even closed deal without my confirmation... so... how should i be?
i was scamed on the last order, i receved 2 beauty machine not working. it is an horrible experience for me.
Nil
Shipping is the main reason why I only buy here & there cause it is so high. That plus when you look at a item it will say a price then you go to buy it & it jumps up way higher then you seen prior to hitting that start order button. One other thing every time I go to order it never excepts my credit card that's annoying..I love you guys though...
Good service.
I dont like how the same vendors have tons of same items listed when I search for a product. It would be easier if vendors were listed alphabetically so we dont have to search thru 100 pages only to see same vendor on each page.
I would recumbent it because it is more secure and keeps all the information in one place.
not fast enough
Last month I made 3 purchases at ALIBABA, all to be delivered quickly, paying a high price for shipping by EXPRESS SHIPPING. Two of them are good experiences, one of which has already arrived at my address and the other is on the way.However, the first purchase, made at the beginning of May, has not yet been sent by the supplier, who alleges several difficulties, even after charging a high amount for the shipment.I have already registered the CLAIM REGISTRATION at ALIBABA and so far no action has been taken. The shipment was not made and the corresponding amount was not returned.
Good, but Too many email adds.
I would recommend Alibaba because of the large selection of products that are not available in other stores. Unfortunately, it is often difficult to negotiate with sellers when buying goods at retail. The seller, despite the specified price of the lot and the inscription "ready to ship" from 1 PC. often refuses to sell it, offers another product, buy a larger quantity or make a purchase at a higher cost. In this case, you can even make a transfer of funds, but then it may require you to cancel the order. I also had the experience of receiving a faulty product, in which I could not resolve the dispute with the seller, but I am very grateful to the Alibaba support service in resolving the dispute in favor of the buyer.
I have not used trade assurance, you should make a better survey with that as an option to avoid clustering much of your data in the middle of the graph, a true "5" from a nonparticipating 5
It guarantees your order and protects your items
i dont reveal my source
it is very nice to have an assurance when buying products (for the first  time)
good trading
Sellers have any product  yo would want and good prices good service
Na
Assurance helped me to negotiate when they were asked unreasonable port charges.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service, because it keeps the customers and seller safe from the likelihood of being scammed. It is also very user friendly.
Una herramienta muy rápida.Seguro para el pago.No todos los proveedores ofrecen muestra.
RAS
Lack of contact with suppliers, once payment has been completed.
I recommend it because is a very good warranty that you will receive the ordered goods.
no
Easy transaction with legit suppliers.
Easy to communication and many choice of products.
I would recommend because you can easily get your money back if something bad happens.
good
N/A
I feel more safe.
NO
fast response.
Colour does not look the same as in photos. The photos colours are very bright & attractive. Product colour received is very dull. For 1 particular supplier, the bank exchange rate charges are very high. It exceeds more than SGD $20.
The presence of safety in all transactions
I recommend this protection, which gives me peace of mind when shopping. I live in Germany and of course I don't know the local people in China. With the help of the Trade Assurance Service I was able to shop with a clear conscience and trust.
The delivery is fast and the quality of the product is nice
TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE HELP THE BUYER TO BE SELF WHILE DOING ONLINE TRANSCATION
It is a good service
Sellers scam
The system is quite good and convinent.
I have not received two orders yet from two different suppliers. These orders where marked as received while i have not received the orders yet. One supplier seems to be cooperative while the other one am not sure what is going on as the package was returned.
Trust
Trustworthy
no
They are very responsive and helpful throughout out the whole process
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because is save and provider offer good services.
The hair is top notch and all of my customers love it
I haven't gotten my cases yet.
I would have needed it if I had paid $300 for: BUY 2 GET 1 FREE BRAND NEW 2019 QN75Q7FN 75" Smart QLED OLED 4K Ultra HD TV with HDR Our conversation:I just need to know shipping to Seattle, USA please?=== all you need to pay us $300usdOk, I got paid today. I want one. But since Amazon sells these for $4,000, why are you selling them to me for $300 when you could sell them on ebay for $3,000?=== we currently having a promo in the company and we buy directly from the manufacturer.-The manufacturer is Samsung. The picture is a Sony TV.And your company is Qinghai Kunlun River Wolfberry Industry Co.? That's a berry packing company. No mention of TVs.[no more response]I'd be curious to know what happens with this.--david tocusPS:My government says you shoot sellers who cheat people but I know it's not true because this seller tried to steal my money and run away with it, so that's good.
Most of my experiences has been good this last one was so so amazing, however second to last transaction was the worst. Lied to me about shipping then ended up spending way way more money then i should have and they wouldn't honor their word and they wouldnt help to rectify the problem. If not for this one incident i would have given all excellent.
Trade assurance is good, in the case of other latin american buyers that i had talked to... they tell me that the plataform must be more user friendly, clean and simple, some people see alibaba a little difficult to use.in my personal opinion is a good plataform, maybe i would recomend a little more simple, friendly easy icons, other than that... it's goodthis is my most humble and honest opinion, and is just because i like alibaba very much, and this is my constructive opinion to help you to get to the heart and trust of all latin american costumers.
does not comply with decolving my money. My supplier did not comply with sending the order within the established period. I made 3 claims reporting this and requesting a refund and trade assure I ignore my claims. filth.
Yes, we recommend according to our orders with Alibaba and their services to us for all communications.
on schedule, on spect, available to track
yes
I love you can get as many sets as you need
everyone I've worked with has been great and very professional
feels insured in order to progress to more trade.
VERY ACURATE AND VERY HELPFUL
If suppliers delay shipping or practice any ambiguous behavior on buyers.
The product I but it not up-to standard as describe on the site
Somewhat difficult to understand how it works. INSTRUCTIONS are not clear.
Easy to use.
You allow supplies to lie on contract a cheat customers
alibaba does not protect buyers
would recommend very good
Grateful for the Trade Assurance, and statistics available for buyers to view.
RECOMMENDING THE ALIBABA PLATFORM, IT IS EASY AND QUICK TO USE, IT IS VERY COMPLETE IN INFORMATION, YOU CAN FIND MANUFACTURERS DIRECTLY, YOU CAN EASILY KNOW IF THEY ARE COMPANIES OR MANUFACTURERS AUDITED BY SGS, WHICH IS THE MOST SAFE.I RECOMMEND IT TO YOU WIDELY.
I recommend commercial service from Alibaba because it is neutral with the seller and buyer to ensure the rights of both parties.
good
I have always had a very positive experience with trade assurance services, in fact, the sellers that offer it are always so good that I haven't had to ask for a refund so far. I am more than willing to keep sourcing from alibaba if trade assurance services require high standards from alibaba sellers.
only work with trade assured companies.  It is less hassle.
excellent service and products and experience. thank you.
no communication ...
It seems to work great.Very happy with it
user friendly website.  easy to navigate and find items
The seller marked the entire order as fully delivered, despite the fact that I did not receive a full order. This issue has not yet been resolved.
La persona que me atendió fue excelente todo el tiempo estaba pendiente
It does not protect the buyer when goods do not meet quality standard. The escalation process is cumbersome and does not protect buyer rights.
shipping international is very cost
The suppliers have good quality and response is very quick
safe
Because of the security and the peace of mind that you are actually working with quality people rather than scammers! It assures me the extra protection I am looking for as a business owner.
trustworthy suppliers
High shipping rates
fast and specific service and quality by Zeo
i'll recommend
MUITO BOM...
Giving away a trade advantage
My purchases have run smoothly and been completed in a timely manner without any problems.
you denied a clear claim
it's a good platform, but need a little of experience.... with language, size,  payment.... but it's very good experience
It' safe and secure!
ok
30 days starts after the timer ends, regardless of whether or not your item has arrived
i have no opinion for now
great services provided buy the operators. they help you out no worries.
SAFE
will recommend because its safe platform
Very safe and helpful
safety reason
Great service provided to ensure everything is how its expected to be
I normally use the APP and the app is very slow and doesn't allow you to do everything that you are able to do on the actual website
her?ey ?ok güzel sadece kargo ?ok pahall?
Reassurance
The service, businesses and prices are excellent
good service , eficiente serious business polize
How to fix slow problems and not diverse languages, difficult to communicate.
It provides confidence with ordering and payment.
It has been easy to find vendores and get samples shipped
The Sellers on this B2B Service is not an honest website to be using. I will most likely say bad things about Alibaba and not recommend this website to anyone. Seller : Ingenuity Import & Export Co., Ltd. (Kunshan) Has performed fraud on my business and wasted my time and two other sellers I am currently wasting my time. Attempting to receive a refund.Seller : Hangzhou Maya Sports Goods Co., Ltd. Seller : Jinan Compass Bearing Co., Ltd. I will not use Alibaba Ever again if I Do not receive my Shipment by 06.22.20I would not reccommend Alibaba to anyone unless they want to waste their money and cause massive delay in excelling their business.
my purchase went well
I felt very comfortable with trade assurance service. I would recommend because of the security.
easy helpful
I have had an overall good experience with vendors.
Greta customer service
I feel it is a secure way to purchase.
charge too much
it is safe in all/
n/a
Very safe and secure for me to use
Refund its to slow im wating more than 10 days to receive mine for four 3d printers that the seller couldnt send  but everything else its good,
I've ask refund
It creates accountability for the sellers which is very good.
Perfect Service
there are many scammers on the platformall the scammers are refugees within other prestigious companies.scammers and shoplifters do not accept payment from the alibaba platform and have no commercial guarantee.
Everyone is so friendly and professional.  They are always willing to communicate to go the extra mile.  I am very impressed.
Message Center is clustered and not always responsiv
?
transor
n/a
simple and easy
It is a great service for buyers.
I just got a message that my order is complete, and my order has been delivered: This is not true. Highly inaccurate information. My order did not ship yet, and obviously not delivered yet.
I would recommend aiquw[dpoujosd 'c[iv[pov`
some of the stores vendors have an attitude and do not explain well. I had others read the message that Vicky sent me and she was just being very sarcastic. I will try finding vendors in USA as well.
save and quick
I recommend using Trade Assurance as I feel very comfortable know that my order placed will be taken care of and if anything happens that I feel there would be a positive outcome
Very easy to use
The prices the vendors post are not always correct there have been a number of times when the vendor quotes a higher price than the listing states.  There is not an easy way to contact Alibaba should you have an issue with a vendor or an order.
trade assurance is secure
Is an excellent tool to avoid scammers and have an evenly process for shipping to receiving
It embeds trust in the transaction and is important. There are some sellers who are advertising products on Alibaba and are later trying to hijack us to deal with them offline via their on platforms. Which becomes a questionable practice. As we have not dealt with them in the past and they try allure with very competitive pricing. All Alibaba vendors should be made to adopt Trade Assurance
Trade assurance secure your transaction
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it is very easy to use, you are worrying less regarding your order and you are sure that if supplier will not keep promises Trade Assurance Service will be help to resolve the problem
I recommend Trade Assurance because is a good way to do business
Alibaba is a platform for excellent suppliers who in my case have been helpful and answered all the questions patiently and promptly.
Good source of product and a reliable trust worthy platform
its very reliable and transparent
I have order items which still not delivered but its show I have received-this is no good- If I have a problem then why should I recommend my friend -sorry very disappointed
I would recommend it because it gives you the trust to make negotiations and to be more confident on getting what you are looking for.
Secure payment via trade assurance
HAPPY EASY TO DEAL WITH
no french service
I have placed  Order No: 32612575501021422. Paid in full , but till date the Order is not executed. There is no response from supplier. I am in totally dark and feel cheated by Alibaba. I am very depressed as darkness of night with no hope of morning. Please help me...
The fee is a bit expensive.
I am satisfied with the service I have enjoyed so far
website is very hard to login,
Ther interface is poor, the website keeps reloading and as for the Trade Assurance, the person I was buying from broke the conditions of the agreemend, refused to refund me and I never heard anything when I made my request.
Seems trustworthy
Reassurance of the purchase every step of the way.
I will highly recommend it because it eliminates fraud
fast and easy to understandbut you changed the message historic I have lost many discussions .... that was a very big issue that forces me to talk with my suppliers on wechat instead of alibaba, and even pay via paypal not alibaba trade insurance. Please do not remove discussion historic.
recommended
Everything has always gone through very well and very professional
I don’t have a clear thought
Trade Assurance hel
i recommend it.
Pages are not very clear what companies are selling , free gifts are promoted more than their products
easy in process and protecting my bussiness
I have not received the money back...
lots of product
not relevant
It’s simple
I would recommend because there's nothing like it
For the full use of the Trade Assurance Service it is needed to add a detailed specification of the products/services to be ordered. But it is only allowed to add 5 files and the size limit of the file is also too low.Unfortunately this makes it hard to fully specify.
Good
Happy with the service
The service is stable, reliable and worldwide. Payments are under control.
I CAN NOT FIND MANUFACTURERS. ONLY TRADE COMPANIES
I trusted Alibaba, so I would like to recommend to another business owner.
Trade insurance is only there to make sure you receive A product. If you have bad lucj and receive different product, TA is only on the hand on the seller, asking 10.000 impossible types of proof and tests just to waist my time and hope I'll back off.If you receive different or defective product, trade assurances is useless. totally useless.I've learned my lesson not to ever try this road a gain but use directly the support of my creditcard company, who really do help me as customer.Trade insurance is paid for by the supplier, and sadly it shows.
Trust
none
Quality may not be stable
I would recommend to be protected.
DON'T WANT THEM BUYING PRODUCTS I SELL TO THEM,
My goods never arrived and alibaba doesn't support.
I am still getting used to the system
I see the process as normal, but you need to extend the time to be able to rate alibaba sellers. We who live in South America, the articles arrive in 4 to 5 months, if it is sent by ship and we cannot qualify or validate any guarantee.
n/a
I highly recommend the Trade Assurance March Expo
bonjour je parle pas de langue étrangère une traduction en fran?ais serai la bien venue
Trade Assurance is useless. Trade Assurance will closed after 30days regardless eventhough  shipment has not arrived or lost.
I am a new buyer and i did not receive any of the incentives mentioned
It is good to now that I won't get scamed by a seller
for the good attention
excelente.
I received one order on time but have not yet received the second order yet which was supposed to be here by March 9. Still waiting
I see the advertisement, but I do not know what it is or looked into it.
no reasen
I don?t know anything about it
ok
prices dont match and takes too long
Not enough experience yet. Very new to international trade and Alibaba
no
good
I think everyone on Alibaba that I have dealt with so far, are quite polite and easy to work with, as well as quick to respond to my concerns and answer my questions. I will continue to do business on this site and have already advised another friend who is starting their business, to work with Alibaba.
PLEASE I DIT,NOT HAVE RESPOND IN SALER NEVER I HAVE TO MANY ORSER WATHING FOR THE SALER NEVER RESPONDE MY ORDER
I would recommend it
Alibaba did not care to solve my issue. I submitted countless evidence of poor product quality and presented all the evidence needed; they failed to help me as a customer and decided in favor of the supplier. Alibaba wanted me to spend more money to prove that the quality of the product was terrible. Horrible customer service. They blamed DHL for the items being made of poor quality and for the item being broken. The supplier did a terrible job, and they wanted to say that it was DHL's fault. Trade assurance is supposed to protect buyers. you guys do a poor job at doing this. I had a terrible experience with an item arriving broken, made of poor quality. I submitted all the evidence and then your agent asked me to file a claim with DHL and the close the case. Terrible customer service.
The dispute process is unfair and weighted toward suppliers
molto bene
n/a
I would recommend it, because your whole order is guaranteed, from start until the end.
No
No recommend
Its a nice service/promo, upfront shipping not always free or available
Because i loose money because seller always was cheater and alibaba dont protect to me and the goods dont delivery yet after 40 days of payment
N/a
no
I am not very familiar with it as compared to regular service because I just started Alibaba in March of this year.
none
.
No reason
the charge made to the credit card. the invoice provided  do not reflect the charges made to the  credit card. although  i am not disputing the charges . i just need an invoice that  matches the actual credit card charges
I HAVE NO REASON.
The person handling my last dispute case was not even reading or checking the proof I uploaded. I imagine he wasn't even understanding correctly english.
Good product prices and free shipping if they are a new buyer.
Some sellers are good but others are terrible and they should be removed from your site.
Payments are safe.
they guarantte your products and protect your money they have helped several times with this
Buyer is not protected from bad quality suppliers. We received many times bad product but couldn't made a feedback due to closed protection. When we open the dispute the Alibab is always support sellers not buyers. So won't recommend
Great prices, great quality, easy to work with and great communication.
no idea what that is. overall the experience appears that it would have been great, except the seller has NOT completed my order. This was first time experience on Alibaba; I might use it in future, seems like a great way to source product.
Reliable money transfer and refund gunaranteed.
I did not know about it... until now
i have been lied to many times on this site by multiple sellers. there is no recourse for these shops and they continue to take orders then increase prices until i pay more money. or they say there is no stock for that low price listing and if i want it, i will have to pay much more. Donghai County Mingze Crystal Manufacture Co. ltd. and Jiangsu Abraham Trading Co., Ltd are just two of the worst so far.
your dispute team will only supports sellers not customers i have raised so many disputes as seller will promise some thing and they send some other things to prove it ti will take a month .  even seller will agree but your dispute team will make more trouble and ask for evidence , evidence after being uploaded it will end up with supplier benefits not customers .  please brief your team to do a proper judgment.
I don't know there's no clear reason but I think it's good
I recoomend because in the past we have been frauded !
none
share my info in public
n/a
excellent experience
I have not had to use it yet so I am unqualified to comment on it.
Was unaware of details of march expo.
all good
none
I would recommend March Expo because it replies quickly. The service is quick.
Worse service ever. No protection for the customer. This company and it's vendors SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
I am new to Alibaba for my sourcing needs but so far it has been a good experience, The trade assurance helps to add confidence for the new buyer.
As I previously stated.  I ordered an RF Microneedling machine and requested for a refund.  My request was denied and have been working with the seller to get my machine working and it is still not.  Seller sent me a control board and wants me to replace it myself and I am not an engineer.  This machine will be used on faces of potential clients and they want me to work on control boards.  That just shows how this company value their machines as they think anyone can just fix and replace control boards.  This will never happen with purchases from Amazon.  I just want them to send me the whole bottom part to replace so I dont replace any motherboard!!!
convenient
dispute process dont allow me to summit my evidences, I have preparing a word document to summit but there is not way to summit it. you dont protect buyers as should be. I am not happy with this dispute process, now I feel insure for buying again. since suppliers request and initial payments to start and then we as buyer can even defend ourself if something happen as me.
I will always recommend Trade assurance, however I would recomment specific details on the negotiation and communication along with the commintments.
N/A
i would recommend
I do not know what the advantages are
No background on March Expo
x
QTY
I have requested assistance from the dispute team for a refund request several times. The process is unclear and takes very long. I'm dissatisfied with the lack of help in this.
qt
TRUELY DISAPPOINTED IN alibaba and this company! I spent 215.00 on straight 30 oz. tumblers you sent tapered! You never sent the correct ones nor did you refund my money! Not to meantion that I had insurance which means nothing in CHINIA! Now I know Chinia is as crooked as people say you are. You wonder why Americans don't trust you and buy other things from you? Perfect case! I belong to a lot of groups here that were trying to buy from you. We trust each other to help find good vendors and try to trust chinia and alibaba. I will be on every board today telling them what a horrible experience I've had not to mention you stole 215.00 of my money plus the damages and the 5 that you shorted me! I gave you two months to fix your mistake, what you offered is 125.00 that is less then half of what you owed me not including replacing the damaged things. You all are liars and cheats and commit fraud! I wonder how often you do this to Americans? I have a big mouth and I will put this up on every social media.
No reason.
NVT
prices advertised are not honored
i would definitely recommend
Don’t know what this is.
I don`t know what it is
Its easy, I have tried 4 times, and it works for us
no
it protects your transaction
It is for the safety and peace of mind of the buyer
any
I wish Alibaba would held his vendors or sellers accountable and respect their promise. I waited more than more 4 months on an order which I was supposed to received by Christmas.
Fast Service
I do recommend Trade Assurance
My order was marked as complete when I still haven't received my order. And the decision to mark the order as complete would not be reversed when I talked to a customer service agent. The system doesn't seem to be fully functional and ready for discrepancies that may occur with regards to seller and buyer relationships and commitments.
I would recommend for security and to hold sellers accountable to term deals.
If something wrong with the product or it is not shipped out withing the alloted time you have the option to get a refund.
awsome
It was OK and great o see TA.
Process of dispute took too long. Doesn't help with my dispute. I'm not satisfied with the settlement.  The site took too long to upload evidence
They were not helpful at all. We did a order shipment 5 months ago from China to Munich, Germany and until today we never received our shipment. The logistics company gave us the UPS tracking number, we contacted UPS and they told us the label was created but they never shipped the goods. We got robber by this logistics company and trade assurance service did nothing!
No, no, the trade assurance service is great. Most of the companies want you to pay outside of the alibaba-platform, and that makes you miss the trade assurance.
Trade assurance is highly recommended because it makes the buyers feel safe and secured
no
Too many suppliers are scammers, too many suppliers rip you off, too many suppliers ship you the incorrect items or incorrect amount and Trade Assurance does not protect the seller. Trade Assurance protects the Chinese suppliers not the American buyers that keep them in business. I have 1000's of dollars of items I cannot sell because I was shipped the wrong thing or the incorrect amount in a bottle, I loaded all evidence on trade assurance over and over and over but it just kept asking me to upload it again and again. Alibaba is not a company I would recommend due to being scammed by so many. It automatically assumes I received an order even when it hasn't arrived. Now I am stuck with not being protected again. I can't keep losing money on this site, it's getting worse and worse. Tracking is not given to me to understand. All in all I have not been very happy with my experiences on this site.
Because I did not have a chance to experience how it works. Not even when I was in doubt if it would be necessary.
Very pleasant overall experience
The shipping is too long, I haven't receive the goods. I don't have any information about shipping. I'm dissapointed.
even the golden suppliers are very tricky and unsecure, they are not verified correctly, trade assurance is helping them to grow up
the transport from China to Italy is too expensive I looking for new supplier from India-Bangladesh or other country for cheaper price
It's good, I will recommend.
Trade Assurance is fake and means absolutely nothing, your process does not protect me in anyway and it totally favoured towards the seller. I provided evidence in photos and videos as requested and the supplier didn't even correspond yet they got paid, I'm stuck with damaged products.
It gives me some security around my order with new suppliers
i don't know never used it... but i would like to know when i pay do you pay immediately the supplier or are you waiting the delivery??? so in the case of the supplier said 10 days and after i paid he says 1 month, if i open a dispute am i immediately refund or it takes time????
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance Service for anyone who is purchasing whole sale due to the accuracy of the rate and details of shipping costs.
So far the companies that I have worked with have been exceptional in their timely response and have found their products to be of the highest quality.
It helps the buyer feel that business ethics will be followed for both the buyer and seller.
It is hard to buy on alibaba.  Hard for sellers to get my address right. So many shipping options is overwhelming.  Some sellers are GREAT others are TERRIBLE and it is impossible to tell them apart.  Ebay is much better showing buyers who is good. The site requires too much back and fourth discussion with sellers.  But it is always getting better.
I got a notification over 2 weeks ago that my package was delivered and to this days still has not been delivered and tracking still only says "shipped" with no further information.
i would recommend trade assurance service
Trade assurance does not protect the buyer under any circumstances
a
none
No Comment
Poor customer service. Bad respond time.  Hard to communicate
i would recommend
n/a
not
I dispute and it seems the supplier always seems to have the upper hand.  I submit proof of bad sewing or the item not being the item they advertise and it seems this all doesn't matter.
None.
prices never match the list usd 9.90 then when u ask for price it has gone to usd 52.00 then they say alibaba is to blame for the pricing.  supplier say free samples we dont get samples until we pay for shipping to i said ship we will pay the shipping fee directly to shipping company they say no they want money for the sample as well.
na
EL ARTICULO LLEGO DEFECTUOSO Y NO SE RESPONSABILISO EL VENDEDOR
Time window is too short. Goods have not even been delivered yet but timeline for dispute has already closed.
I would recommend
Buyers who lose money on behalf of the seller at some stage. Which the seller may have already defrauded many buyers .
bad bad bad bad bad in everything, you work only for the seller, the customer do not have the best support
bad bad bad bad bad in everything, you work only for the seller, the customer do not have the best support
PLEASE RETURN TO ME IN THE E-MAIL MEDIA. IF YOU DO NOT MAKE A SHOPPING, ALIBABA, I FILL THIS TO EXPRESS THIS. PLEASE GIVE UP THE RIDICULOUS PAYMENT SECURITY SENTENCES. I HAD TO BUY 30 MORE MODELS AFTER THE FIRST BUY FROM THE SAME SELLER. DIFFERENT NAMES, PLEASE SEE THE CERTAIN PERSON
quite convenient
I have payed a higher amount for the shipping as the product was costing...and still after 4+ month i did not receive my delivery
I am very sad, that my account is blocked and i can't restore it, because I need to place orders and my business is now loosing profit.
horrible service, supplier shipped a product and it has been 3 months since order was placed, supplier promised to deliver product by specific time and did not fulfil his promise, and Trade assurance did not protect us
Efficient
so expensive
When asking for payment on there seem to be a different ways to pay, as an invoice and crash payment I believe, it's confusing.  Also, the seller gave me a tracking number for a shipment but the shipping company then transfers it to a different company that transfers it to a 3rd company for delivery; in the end the tracking number of the delivery is not the same as the one provided by the seller.
recomiendo la plataforma de alibaba porque ayuda mucho en realizar negociaciones con distintas partes del mundo.
All ok
It is hard to navigate the website in the beginning
it's ok
NA
For anyone who doesn't speak Chinese, it will be very difficult at times.  This prevents other businesses from transacting in fear that they will not be able to communicate well.
Great and Effective a Must
Adult Sex Doll Censorship
Trade assurance is very important to avoid fraudulent companies
Peace of mind.
Greater comfort knowing that order can be refunded if not proper.
I think it give the buyer a piece of mind knowing that the order place will be of good quality and shipment on time
You allow companies to sell without authorization from the manufacturer and sell defective and counterfeit products
I strongly recommend trade assurance service.
like service
It was very straight forward and delivery was on time.
It's just great
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service because it gives you a sense of comfort and reassurance for a possible fair resolution when making transactions from overseas.
A+
Not always easy (sometimes impossible) to place order as listed in the product description.  Price or place order not present in description.  Vendor attaches shipping cost when teaser says "free Shipping"
No reason for now actually, they did well obviously.
I have some issues with customs in my country and the employees from the company offer me all the support and information, of course the fulfillment of requirements depends of each of us.
Excellent service and has changed my life.   Very challenging to navigate the first time and figure out how to use.
The seller said that wont delivery my goods, and comes back only half of my payment.
Trade Assurance Service protects you in case the seller send you a different product or products are broken or not high quality.
I recommend, I have had a few occasions to the seller to report problems and if the seller has not been willing to co-operation, as I have mentioned that Alibaba Trade Assurance is valid and I will ask for help in Alibaba, if we do not get the problem solved, after which the seller has been willing to co-operation.
It automatically marks as completed after 30 days and don't cover you and process of Trade Assurance is too complicated
I escalated the disputes to Alibaba. Within seconds, i received email saying i wont get refund and my case is close. I trusted alibaba and lost my all money. How could a company like alibaba do scam?
I will recommend as it gives some security on payments
. Why dispute if it costs more to return then what I received back after returning
Vendor will not provide PDF of instructions and product warning.
the best service from suppliers and always good comunication, fast shipping
I have not received my order!!
I would recommend this service because dealing with an intermediatary person helps the transactions feel safer. It ensures that the seller and buyer are handling business transactions in an ethical manner.
i would recommend this site
I feel slightly more secure having the Trade Assurance in place
great prices
I would recommend but the transaction fees and overall quality control needs to be consistent with suppliers
The payment methods are limited and the transaction fees are high.
I dont like that it automatically says that you received it.
i think alibbaba securiti systeam is good
easy to work on
Easy to use and at least so far we have good experiences. Finding just the products you need is not always very easy (a possibility to choose the material of the products and clear information of certificates offered by each supplier would be good improvement). There should also be an invoice to be printed for finance department and accounting
also:I had a few orders at several producers; the goods are send to a forwarder; but the assurance service could continue untill goods reach final destination.   phmvandekletersteeg@yahoo.com
What's the point of having Trade Assurance if there is no assurance when my glass jars come broken? I thought Trade assurance will help me if the sellers ships me the product wrong and not according to the shipping agreement that we had. The sellers told me that the product will be shipped like the pictures on their page but they lied and did not inform me that they will throw my glass jars in a plastic bag. My jars came completely broken and they wont give me a refund.
Great product, great service! The seller is very professional, and the product is easy to use. Very happy for this order!
Did not use this service
Seller does not reply and process refund
awesome products and awesome service
I would recommend because it is a one stop shop to building a Brand, clothing, products. As long as you find the right suppler for your needs. The possibilities are endless. Alibaba makes Dreams come true
Ease of finding products, most dealings are seamless/
I think dont need it
great service
the pricing are not true as website write
Suppliers can easily sidestep promises they have made in writing. One such supplier promised a full refund when I was unhappy with service only to dispute the claim I placed two minutes later. My evidence included a screen shot of the message promising a full refund. To be fair, this has only happened in one instance, but it gives me pause when it comes to placing really large orders.
Apparently, I do not encounter any problems with the service yet.
the app continues to freeze and the website i dont like the fact it opens new tabs everytime.
I have always had very positive experiences with Trade Assurance Service.
Alibaba is excellent
We did not receive our order.  However, we sent many messages with no reply.  We think there is a glitch in the ordering.  We have been trying to contact the manufacture with no luck.  We are still very interested in the product, need your help.   Thank you, peter Russo
It is to feel safe, and buy safe it is very important
Hasta el momento no he tenido ningun problema
N/A
i love the prices and ability to customize your products
it is safe for everyone.
i believe its a sfe transaction so i will recommend
no reason
I have been working with the same supplier and I love the process. It is smooth and easy. The shipping is less than a week as well which is super helpful.
convenient & fast
So far, I can't list anything I don't like with this site.
Very slow
The customer will handle shipping charges. Alibaba will also not return any of the charges made despite winning the dispute.
User friendly, ease of ordering, fast shipment and good communication
As a buyer, you always want to be 100 percent satisfied with your product. When this doesn't happen accountability should occur on the part of the seller. Alibaba should settle disputes fairly and in the favor of buyers when sellers refuse to take accountability for poor quality products, faulty products and untimely delays that cost the buyers money and time.
Convenient
i would recommend this because both seller and buyer are protected and each knows there is a consequence if defaulted
I would share with other business owner, not my customer.
Supplies are a hit or miss. Dispute process  doesn't cover buyer
I would recommend it, but I am not sure if delivery times and dispute times are clear.
Very difficult getting an order through on some items
Invoice is in $ but the system does not let me pay in $ only in Euros, but I want to pay in Dolars. why?
Easy to navigatet, get very fast responses to inquiries, prices are great. What's not to like?
safe financial transactions, keep the disputes occurring, mutually beneficial, if possible the percentage of the transaction fee is reduced
Horrible experience with my pending order of several months. I just want my refund. Lie about product and freight.  Just told me to get the refund myself !
because you work very well
Long complicated process
They payed me back for the items I did not received but what about everything else. Tax, shipping and oversea chargers for the items I did received
You must give the option to buy and request an independent quote and not always force a quote
Love the way alibaba is, just as simple as Taobao.
Still learning
I WILL NEVER EVER RECOMMEND TO ANYONE,I got scammed and uploaded all evidences even chats with supplier but still I got no refund I am very angry.DISPUTE TEAM IS WORTHLESS.  About trade assuarance you assure anyone even thiefs and scam its very hard to do bussiness.The supplier who scammed me had assuarance plus gold supplier label, I even went to ask customer services they gave me assuarance about the supplier and still got scammed very disappointed.
I have a complaint about two companies, they really treated me wrong and I think there should be more severe consequenses, From Alibaba to protect customers.
I DON'T KNOW THAT.
will recommend
Alibaba dispute just accepts any paperwork from sellers even though it has nothing to do with the actual product in question. I'm glad that it was only a small amount this time but will be looking at other platforms in the future as it seems skewed heavily towards protecting the sellers when there is proof from the buyer that a product is counterfeit and the seller uploads a certificate that has nothing to do with the dispute.
NA
Great place to shop.
availability of many sellers
none
Everything so far has been flawless.  Thank you so much!
Because it is a guarantee and I feel safer when buying with this protection. If I did not have this protection, I would not buy from suppliers I do not know.
It gives the buyer a safe option knowing our money and products are safe until arrival
First time i use trade assurance, cleary the supplier delivered very bad equipment. We expected trade assurance to be more helpfull
i would recommend trade assurance because it is basically the only way to protect both the buyer and the vendor from fraud, or scams. i think Trade Assurance is a good thing to have .
factory is doing a poor job and provided bad quality sample.
I've order coffee bean bags with th company Shenzhen Source Pack Co. Ltd. and I've put up down payment amount of around $12,000 USD and I only got few sample bags from them and I had a communication with the sales rep.  all this time until last two week's she didn't respond to my  Alibaba platform at all and I even try to have upper management to contact me but no luck at all either.... it seems like I got scheme  by this company   Please help me   My email address is   josephsung17@yahoo.com  Please let me know if you can help Thank you  Joseph Sung Pink Coffee Inc.
Dispute
I recommend, is good service
Seriousness and responsibility
none
My first order on alibaba was a success! I quickly and easily found exactly what I was looking for, and the person in charge of the company responded very quickly! Gentle and professional. Very good communication and willing to answer all our questions about products, payment and shipping. Fast shipping! They are trying to find the best solution for us. I am preparing for my next order ....
Works well for creating orders and has many options for payment.
good service and attention
ordering process fast shipping
Can't start a dispute when items did not arrive because it timed out!
It does not allow customers to claim for what is bought
Wish it was a way to get items sooner than expected.
It was easy to use, and very reassuring to have.
I  HAVE  TO  RECEIVE   YET  FROM  DIC  GENUARY
good
Algunas tienda estafan a sus clientes
It is very quickly
when we did have an issue with an order it looked like we could not get the full amount back
Bad help system and problem solving for clients. in all aspects
I think is ok.
Security of my payment and protection of my purchase.
No
Very friendly and effective business partner
Trade assurance is misleading and does not protect against poor quality products by supplier. Clear evidences are rejected.  Alibaba defined rules are not followed.
Confirmations are automatic, if there is an issue only seller can react.  e.g. shipping is not in time. after it's closed by system buyer can't open a dispute or claim to an employe by alibaba. no personal help
The one time I had to call on Alibaba for help with an order where I had an issue, it was nothing but trouble and hassle for me.  The idea of Trade Assurance is that if something goes wrong, Alibaba will protect the customer.  This is because, at least in the west, there is a concern with the behaviour and trust with chinese suppliers (due to bad experiences, etc).  So one of the reasons I used Alibaba was because I felt if something did go wrong, Alibaba would protect me.  But when something DID go wrong, I felt like Alibaba did not care and the customer service person provided very poor service.
I did not have a good experience due to high fees which do not show on the receipts.
The service is secure and as a buyer I think we have protection
It is not protecting customer at all
I would strongly recommend your network to check on advertiser using your network. their products are properly advertised and should be inspected by your officials. Recently I had request for samples on fragrance oil and had paid heavy freight thru" FedEx for sum of USD125 and suppliers samples were free with estimate value for USD10 with freight inland USD2...Dispite spending so much on courier charges I was geniunely interested in this companies product and what i got was shocking....the supplier had send me fragrances aroma instead of fragrances oil. I wonder how they are honoured as gold suppliers.
-
I do not know how it works
Security is extensive but it is necessary to put more options
Trade Assurance service is very convenient and safe
I would not recommend because a business owner can build their entire website off of products from alibaba.com and you guys will revoke accesses to accounts.
reliability
NEVER BUY FROM ALIBABA
I ordered Wind breaker jacket from one supplier, while sending sample , she sent good quality where as when bulk order is placed printing from the material all came out , we lost trust of customers and the supplier is not replying or taking any action to help us .  On Alibaba, There are no rules for such frauds.
good
On several occasions I purchased and paid for items. I was later contacted by seller saying they could not fulfill my order even though they showed the item in stock and ready to ship. When I did get refunded I lost a small amount of money for the fee that was charged for using my credit card. Because I did nothing wrong and the seller could not fulfill The contract, The seller should have to pay the fees not the buyer.
The process takes too long!!
Because the dispute was handled tacky. They stayed on the side of the supplier but  didn't show proof or pictures that they had counted all of the items. They shortened me 35 scarves
Trade assurance is a must: It's another form of necessary leverage with the supplier.
Some suppliers offer they accept trade assurance payment but they really don't.  They want direct payment
I would not recommend Alibaba to my customers because I business to consumer retailer. I am also unlikely to recommend it to a business owner in a competing market.
N/A
good
Very professional and fast responses! Great quality products!
Trade Assurance did not further investigate my situation when one of the manufacturers was at fault they just didn't send me back my money.
cannot comment
GOod, but better if had 30 days after delivery. d
Easy to manage
Makes payments & business safe
I will recommend trade assurance
I would recommend Alibaba. I've had good relationships formed. I've also experienced suppliers with poor quality products. I do these test so the standard can be improved. I'm in Jamaica supplier send poor products thinking I wont be able to send them back. But they are checked before shipped...that scammish mentality by some suppliers is why I say be careful to those I recommend the site to.
I ALWAYS USING TRADE ASSURANCE AND NOTHING OTHER.  ITS SAFE, FAST AND YOUR PRODUCT OR YOU BUY WILL COME TO YOU.
I ALWAYS USING TRADE ASSURANCE AND NOTHING OTHER.  ITS SAFE, FAST AND YOUR PRODUCT OR YOU BUY WILL COME TO YOU.
The delays are too short.
I am not happy with the seller
no
I have not had to use Trade Assurance and I am not knowledgeable on how it works, what it cover, etc, so I wouldn't recommend something to someone that I really don't know anything about. My opinion matters to the people I talk to, and that's because they've learned they can trust/rely on my word.
as above, the system autimatically assumes the order has arrived
.
Efficiency
I have been satisfied with the service. I feel protected from fraud or poor quality items.
i have used the service twice and so far i am very satisfied.
It's is very safe to trade inside Alibaba due to a good customer service
Dears I didn't received the package and I don't know who to contact. I tried to discuss with them but they are not answering.  So I am starting to receive e-mails that the package has been delivered and to help you answer to the survey but can I do this after I will get the package?
Trade Assurance Service is a confirmation that your money are safe and you got the opportunity to work with confidence and trustful partners.
very good for business
Swift service and excellent people that help you
It is a great service. It is reputable and professional.
Trust is the reason i would recommend Trade assurance service
good services
The disputes team is lazy and unprofessional
it helps with secure purchasing
I see no sense in this. You guys do not protect customers (at least my experience is so). I can only rely on myself and on the decency suppliers.
NA
shipment delivery not follow .....
Safe platform for trading, many sellers offering various goods for sale on good price.
it is essential to give buyers some protection against possible delivery / quality failures
Communication with some suppliers
The peace of mind when ordering a product made this very much worth it.
Convenient and fast delivery
Good to secure shipment
I have opened a dispute with a company which I ordered since November 2020, as of today, I have not received my order and every couple of weeks you say you are waiting for response from the seller.  They have gone over the time allotted to them to respond and still NO REFUND!!!! As of right now I am looking for other companies similar to Alibaba because this is not working.  I am out of over $2,000+, no products and even though they said they shipped it I have order products after them and received them.  This order I haven't even received a tracking number.
It is unclear how the trade assurance would work because we need US phone numbers set up to quickly contact someone to resolve the issue.
It's bullshit.
Very easy to find suppliers, I will suggest
I like the security of ordering here through the site.
IT DOES NOT DO ANY DIFFERENT WITH OR WITHOUT IT, WE MUST CONTACT THE SELLER FIRST TO FIX THE PROBLEM BUT IF IT DID NOT WORK, YOU SHOULD GET INVOLVE, INVESTGATE AND MAKE A DECISION AND EFORCE IT. I DID ONCE AND YOU FOLLOW THE SELLER OPNION AND ANOTHER ONE I WAITED FOR MORE THAN TWO MONTHS TO SOLVE A PROBLEM WHIC I WAS CHARGED FOR EXPRESS SHIPPING OF MY PRODUCTS AND SELLER SENT IT WITH A UNCOMPLETE ADDRESS. GOING BACK AND FORTH WITH THE SELLER, WASTED MY TIME, MONEY AND AFTER 3 MONTH TOTAL WAITING, I HAVE NO NEED TO HIS PRODUCTS.
alibaba no protege al comprador , el servicio no sirve solo protege los intereses de sus vendedores
SIMPLE AND RELIABLE
Trade Assurance Service is great as it provides allows for definitive deadlines and smooth progression.
I would highly recommend Trade Assurance Service as they keep you posted and allow for the product to arrive before releasing the funds you paid which in turn allows for a dispute if required. It also shows that the supplier will be trust worthy and will back their product.
There is not enough buyer protection, if you want to make it a seamless market it has to parallel protection offered up by companies like Amazon.
I am in the middle of negotiations. Need more time since resolve proposals are still in progress and depend on third parties.   So far, Trade assurance looks well and supplier is responding to negotations without the intervention of Trade Assurance.   Still we have to see the outcome.
It just makes everything so much easier and reduces the concerns of dealing with overseas vendors.
traders force us to accept new delivery dates to avoid bad rating and push buyers to pay advance payment on incomplete spec and they ask for more after to meet the requirement specially with custom made furniture   also when we ship outside china using different shipping agents the 30 days time frame to refund the customers is not enough to receive the goods and check its quality
I have had an order not arrive and the customer service team and dispute process team have been most unhelpful!
I am about to use your trade assurance service. I work in UK media and will publish my experience using Alibaba and one of their companies. I bought car parts from Guangzhou Zhidao Trading, Contact Chas. We agreed the price he offered me CIF terms to cover the cost of shipping from China to UK and insurance. When contacting UK customs agent they warned me CIF is open to abuse and hidden charges are added by the Chinese side. When discovering this I informed Chas to stop the shipment so I could swap to FOB terms. He assured me there would be no extra charges but this was a lie. I have been charged a currency adjustment fee of ?73.98 and a China import Service fee - even though this is an export, not an import of ?147.96 I was planning to start importing car body panels as a business now after this experience I think it is too stressful to bother.
Safe and reliable incase there have product issue and need to refund.
protection time is too low. Usualy I receiving products only after 1-2 moths after receiving it by my transport company, So I  cant discuss about product quality with seller. So I  am not protected..
I would recommend to ensure safety of funds and ensure I get what I have ordered from supplier is correct & accurate.
We are still looking for a really great supplier, despite working with many on this site.  Quality is inconsistent.  Because our products are wood, many have cracked later on, or problems are noticed later and there is no way to update reviews or to get things replaced or fixed later.  Although we feel like we are safe purchasing Alibaba, we don't feel the same way about suppliers here.  One supplier took our idea--and sample--and marketed it through another company.  It does not make us want to continue to work with Alibaba supplies.  We also would like better communication with manufacturers outside of China.  Also, a CLEAR designation between manufacturers and trade companies would also be helpful.
N/A
Trade assurance is peace of mind ,you are being protected from the con artists
Keeps me in touch.
none
Had a dispute and Alibaba close the case and made me deal with the manufacturer and they did not resolve my issue and I was stuff with thousands of dollars worth of defective merchandise.   Additionally it required a lot of time going back and forth. And a lot of time is something that I don't have. Overall, I feel like it is a risk purchasing products on Alibaba. If I get defective products I maybe stuck again.   Have had better customer service with Pay Pal.
Easy to use
Great service overall, lot of missing or wrong data at shipment pricing. It takes lot of time to get appropriate shipment offer together meaningfully priced products offer. Some sellers are not able to change shipment offers at web. Order updates itself as received too early. Shipments between Europe and Asia moving slower than before and systems should consider this change.
Safety
Trade assurance is the best way to insure a smooth transaction without being defrauded. I recommend everyone use Trade Assurance Service.
I Believe the suppliers sometimes have difficulties understanding english, I think the communication is not very efficient
Great service
I always have payment issues.  I get a error that the payment was declined when I call my bank they say there are no attempted charges.
Proven to be reliable!
no
no reasons I am satisfied anyways
I will definitely recommend if process is good
safe and secure
great service and very efficient would sure recommend
Maybe it's a good thing to protect buyer from the low quality of the product of the sellers...
I would and have highlighted recommended Alibaba and its Trade Assurance Service;
Great service and feel safe in case something goes wrong
Straight Forward, Easy to deal with
It safe for international trade. In this digital age we live in, trade assurance gives me the peace of mind and confident to purchase things abroad. Im happy with it.
because your payment and orders are secured
I have ordered from Africa and supplier says that he don'e have Alibaba Trade Assurance service and he toke the money without deliviring the shipment
I think is good for both the buyer and the seller. it gives security.
it's much easier, save and without high bank fees
Easy to use
Dispute process is fake and very unfair
Tips to find the product you need
No
convenience
very important to our business and all the companies we have worked with a very nice and friendly.
good
I ship with my own agent and it closes before the goods arrive sometimes
customized personalised order great
I would recommend
bad service in the warranty
Ali Baba only favours Suppliers not Customers and I think is fair at all. Yo charged us fees and you cannot work to satisfy your clients but rather your suppliers
Honestly I have had only the one experience with one of your affiliates, but I was happy with everything about it, especially getting free consultation from their engineering people. That doesn't happen here in the states. So limited experience to speak from, take it for what it's worth.
its very easy to buy the item you need
In between.  Can't say whether or not I world recommend.  One reason is that Trade Assurance seems as if they are always on the side of the seller.
I would totally recommend trade assurance to others. It gives you confidence when you purchase
N/A
Very reliable way of trading overseas
Very easy to use.
Good service
Lisa is very biased towards the seller, I did not receive the parcel sent by the seller and FedEx could not determined who they delivered it and where.
simply, you guys just donot back up buyer,s interest. even seller is so obviousely playing cheating.
peace of mind during purchasing is important
I would recommend because this is an interesting way for increase the security for the transactions between supplier and customer.
no
It helps to protect our benefits and trusty between seller and us.
It take too long to re-track back the argument and it's like you are not concern on solving disputes when such cases comes out
I trust the security
because it will make sure there's 100% commitment on the order
Don't have enough experience to have an opinion.
To hard to get our money refunded. The order arrived all dented up and had been repainted over. so we had UPS come get it and mark it refused. Now we want our refund. had the refund been handle more professionally, I would have shopped the site again. To much of a headache dealing with the supplier. Very cocky and arrogant.
all good
i havent have an issue yet to offer info
I have only needed it once, but it worked.
We enjoy Trade assurance with a new supplier for comfort and safety. Our other supplier with longer term business we are happy to pay T/T
Es sencillo y practico de usar su plataforma y por la garantía de pago y verificación de proveedores. También porque se encuentra variedades de productos
The dispute resolution has much to be desired and the handlers need better training especially when they do not understand the products being disputed.
Easy to use.
Have listings with items that are actually in stock items so when orders are cancelled buyers do not get stuck paying for service fees.
.
Very practical y fast process.
It's easy and been using it for a long time.
Customer service was amazing
seems to work well
Its good service.
Cool experience
it gives confidence
I think it is nice to know if you are not happy with a product you can have a seamless return process.
Is the best way to buy, I feel my money is safe
It's a Better Business to deal with
It easy to understand with plenty of suppliers to choose from.
unkown how to start process of dispute
dispute takes too long
Many traders and buying options available.
will recommend  it is guarantee that supplier provide a good quality product
Good service and is
Because the system doesn't easily allow for extended shipping time. We had COVID, Christmas and CNY and none is being taken into account. It should NOT be the BUYER who needs to worry about trade assurance running out!!!!! This is the second time for the same order.
Your money is safe
Fast shipping and great products!
Don't know
All of my orders have been perfect so far! I am very happy with my choice to use Alibaba.
I recommend Trade Assurance Service because as a company, I need to be secure the business will be successful
trade assurance will guarantee my order. thats good.
Easy to use, definitely recommend!
Recent order Trade Assurance closed, but order still has not been shipped due to New Year delay.
I placed my first orders and so far, the experience has been great!!   Thanks!
I definitely enjoy the service and would recommend.
site is always down, I can't reach anyone about disputing an order. supplier took my money and don't refund and I complain about it but nobody reach back. No solid structure for buyer protection.
n/a
No
directly communicate with the supplier and great handling of everything
trade assure service gives confidence to the buyer and protect buyers from scam
I recommend it since it is a way to protect my purchase
It's a great way to transfer funds between the US and China, and for both parties to feel secure if any problems arise.
I recommend
Don't apply
Too expensive
.
Good service, well organized and effective.
why can't I pay for an order by credit card?
j ai payé des assurances , j'ai re?u une pergola abimée et mal finie, j'ai appelé le vendeur, qui n'a pas voulu régler le litige, j'ai appelé l'assurance qui ne répond pas, ni par email ni par télephone pour faire rembourser totalement ou partiellement mon achat, a quoi sert l'assurance payée si elle ne fonctionne pas
Alibaba staff does not follow Alibaba's dispute policy
it's easy and SAFE!!
Alibaba is excellent.  I have no compl
Easy to track order
Trade assurance the best innovative that gives investers sigh of relief from scammers who use to disappear with clients cash after recieving cash and failing to deliver
I love the items so I will be ordering again :)
I always recommend Alibaba
I don't think that many of my associates are also importers
It is very trustful.
I'm not familiar enough with it
easy to us and reduce the risk for me to trade with scammer
n/a
I feel safe when making payments
Too few payment options
por que cubren todo
I wasn't happy with being told I would receive my order at a particular time and it actually took 3x longer than what I was told. Then, my order wasn't correct and I don't feel the company is handling it well. I am hoping to get this resolved soon.
Piece of mind for new suppliers
Goood
From my experience I have opened 2 disputes for orders that were wrong/dishonest/bad quality products. In both order I have shown that the seller was not honest and did not deliver the quality and the products they claimed to deliver but the compensation I was offered was less then 30% of the value of the order. The trade assurance did not offer me anything and the dispute outcome favors the sellers in both my cases. The disputes are not properly managed and judged. I get a fake product but can't even get at least 50% of my money back. So, overall, I am very dissatisfied with the dispute managing and outcome and with customer protection and trade assurance service.
I would recomend it because assuars the product arrival.
got stolen money 2 times as soon as I can will quit alibaba. alibaba workers are racist, if you get stolen from chinese you will lose the case as a foreigner in any circumstances total disappointment
Is a great experience
The seller notified me AFTER I payed that the item I ordered was out of stock. He sent me a different item that I did not aask for and did not agree to receive. trade assurance failed to getmymoney back from the seller.
never received products, never been refund
Good job
If there is any problem at all with delivery, when it doesn't happen, not any of my sales contacts(2) would reply to help me track my delivery after 10 requests each. THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.
Works very well.  You most simplificate the process.
Recommend: Its safer to buy.
Great program to order my product(s)!
I would recommend trade assurance service cause i can order and pay safety.
I recommend TAS because the information of every step of the process is always accurate. Every movement of payment and shipping was clear and accurate.
feels like a secure form of payment
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service for a modicum of leverage against the seller.
most services are professional and prompt.  I have occasional problems with waiting on emails to return for wanting to place an order I want now
best place to buy
No experience with it
because until today I have not received my order, and the seller closed the order as received, I am demanding the return of my money
everything is too complicated and we do not receive the documents needed for our German Tax compliance.
i will recommend
good service,fast delivery
it's fast.
Good quality product
Great Service
Convenience and security
it is good quality the  product, sometime take too long to received items
I bought a product on February 3, 2020 that would arrive in approximately 30 days and has not yet arrived, I do not see concern about shipping, I only see concern about purchase. I need the product for a project.
Delivered quality item on time.
There are many great suppliers on Alibaba, it allows me to run a business more efficiently.
Would recommend Trade Assurance Service to any buyer. It helps secure buyer confidence to procure goods on Alibaba.com concerning quality of goods as shown and respected shipping delays.
It makes me feel more confident in my purchase
Well, in most of the cases it was reliable, but in a few the negotiating with suppliers was problematic, either the price was completely different as proclaimed and some of them had difficulties to answer.
So
it is uncertain if someone will goes by a good reseller who understands what we are taliking about.
I never needed it.
Delays in delivery. High shipment charges. Lack of transparency in delivery charges and taxation
The chat app is not always working perfectly. Sometimes it does not update well.
Je ne parle pas l'anglais et vous ne traduisez pas en fran?ais tout votre site
I ordered several substances with the Trade Assurance. All of them were fake, but i could only prove for one because it was visually obvious due to the color of the substance. All the other substances were fake, too but I could not afford the Alibaba inspection at 1,000$. I was only refunded partially for this one substance.
Safety in knowing your order will arrive
It works perfect and the customer is protected
Everything is quick and trustqorthy
good
Good value for money, and mental assurance that you can't be cheated
is a great support for order security
would recommend Trade Assurance Service to all my friends in business
Incredibly poor customer service.Robot like responces and basically, the concept is to cheat customers.30 days and I gave not recived a small 50 USD refund - shows the attitude.
I haven't had a problem yet.
Yes
safe and convenient
good customer services
because it doesnt really work
Smart products
You have a very nice website with great staff and easy to work with
Trade assurance is amazing with the company and I'd highly recommend it to anyone
It is a fraud. Alibaba owns Ant, the company that issues the policies. Legitimate claims are denied when they should not be. There are no protections and I no longer trust Alibaba or the trade assurance because you cannot collect legitimate damages.
it's nice to have when dealing with overseas orders.
Excellent buyer protection.
I will for sure, great platform!
Poor connection between them an American buyers when in dispute with customer and vendor, they never connect one on one, and they have no phone number listed.
The supplier quoted the rate online but when enquiry they give us higher price, many of them us are like thatBank charges highprice quote in US dollars high, not competative.
I would recommend it because it gave me security in my business and I was always informed by the page, also, the products arrived as we agreed
The platform is poor and the suppliers are not manufactures and a lot of people are a scamThe refund process is very poor
very crowded.
If the vendor lies, I get my money back.
I have provided ample proof that before I ordered in chat, I told the merchant that I wanted a quote to my destination. They said they will send it there and they put it in the order. They did neither and Alibaba has been less than helpful. Terrible service and terrible accountability. This did not help me at all.
I would recommend adobe but to licensed business owner because a lot of people use the sight and have the wrong ecounters life theft or not come to an agreement with sellers after terms.
Same supplier refuse to replay other are not able to sell one piece as it shown on they MOQ.
took long
The trade insurance service can protect my company money
The seller sold me a broken wheel loader and I can't get any help.
Ordering is very easy
I was ripped off by a supplier on here and getting the money back is slow and refund did not include the service fee. Bad business! I paid for something I will never get.
Have had barely any help through  the entire process.I was supposed to hear from a new rep last week, but never received any correspondence.Not the most enjoyable experience at all
I like your service , i do not like the people that take you off of this site for bank payments because i have been framed several times . i wish that you had an easy way to turn them in , right on their own site . so that you could drop them from your list of vendors . they have a gold seal approval from this site and i was still fraud. please make it so that vendors can only accept visa or master card . thank you
I would recommend becuase its a simple and easy platform. Makes it nice.
Love it.  Can order from manufactures with confidence!
there is no risk
Specially in these times, I would always recommend the trade assurance service. Also if you don't know your partner or don't have longer relationship with trust.
Its a user friendly platform
The 200 notebooks I ordered arrived very damaged and the two boxes were ripped up at the sides.
Seller promised me 7 days time for delivery.And know he late, 20 days has passed and he didn't deliver..
It's a good service for business
prompt response & customer right protected within reasonable complaint.
trust worthy
Peace of mind with new transactions
security of purchases
I do not know what it is.
Security
In any case I recommend it my level of satisfaction is done!
VERY SMOOTH TRANSACTION
because it allows us companies to place orders with greater security
Unfortunately, with some suppliers there were hidden costs and lot of promises that were not fulfilled.
otimo servi?o
Easy to send monies and like the gaurantee.
Alibaba is good.
Becouse you ensure that the supplier is a real company and sell what you order
i recomend
I have not received my product
I would recommend it, for if anything went wrong.
very high comisión. you should inform that you should use explorer not chrom. in chrom is imposible to do the transaction
not helping in refund process
Product security
sure recommend trade assurance service
Not very fast,but very convenient.
.
Easy to use, sellers really helpfull and friendly, we can trust them
It is guaranteed payment instrument for new suppliers that we dont know
Hi, too complicated site but work by dev team is perceptible continue efforts Abnormal for start conditions (mandatory have some contacts when starts before passing orders,...) Best regards
You service resolution team is very unprofessional and deceptive. I had some terrible experience with a supplier. I was asked to provide proof of communication and would never receive any response for weeks. Then one day just closed the case saying that the resolution was passed in favor of the supplier. I still have the dysfunctional product lying in my office.
contact with alibaba very dificult and alibaba case maniger onprofetional
Because the seller can change the trade assurance terms unilateral, without buyer's agreement.
Easy, fast
its secured when buying goods through Trade assurance
Excellent way of sourcing products from Asia to the USA
because it is safer for buyers
great service
communication with seller improved once initiated
Peace of mind on purchase and very efficient purchasing process.
I been having very bad customer service with a suppliers
I experienced a bad experience In answering the question of a vague and unclear seller Price is important for the seller to be honest in their responses. Being in a different country and not seeing each other when negotiating can reduce confidence. These things would like the seller to improve and uphold
no
I dont want to let them know were I am getting the deals from
never used any of the liability
very good!
Very easy to work with reasonable pricing and fast delivery
I like your merchandise.
It helps buyer to secure delivery of purchased product.
IT DOES NOT WORK
esta en ingles no entiendo ingles
ive ben satisfied and great services.
because its cheap and, for the most part, seamless
Great to have, as it can protect the buyer
peace of mind
No problems at all.
My first 3 purchases have been succesfull.
It is difficult to navigate the links and sort through the product specifications and pricing.
I get a lot of broken items. Some have not given me a refund.
Occasional communication problems, but not essential.Otherwise, I recommend the company.
Always good transactions. Good quality products as described.
great quality
Did not inspect properly  Seized by USA customs for Misbranding
Delivered on time
It's a sécurity
safe
good
I never received a refund for the products i didnt receive
Thanks
would recommend
its very trusting for orders its help so much
Certainty of delivery
After bad experiences with some suppliers who I paid them by wire transfer, this service can give me some protection. I have few experience with this service, but so far I have checked suppliers put more attention on products order when I ask them for trade assurance payment.Some suppliers told me there is no problem if using this payment on all orders, with no dependence how big the order is.Also, on my side, I find interesting the way payment is done, because I just have to do wire transfer to a german bank account, instead of having to use another company for doing wire transfer to supplier's bank.But I still have few experience, I can not fully recommend this service because I have used it for little time.
Great way to shop at very competitive pricing.
good time
Shipment has not arrived yet and I accidentally clicked "confirm receipt". Alibaba wasn't much help in helping me track the package that the shipper said they used Alibaba Logistics. DHL said they haven't received the package yet. Ordered my phone on the 2nd, 15 days later the phone is still in Hong Kong!
me entendi muy bien con ustedes
Trade assurance helps prevent scams and scammers.Please refund the Inspection fee as no inspection was done because they already shipped the product.  Thanks.
Delivery tracking is optional. This sometimes create difficulty for the buyer to track the shipment and occasionally the delivery is taking more time than usual. Alibaba should made tracking delivery as a must.
Because it keeps every transaction safe.
the service is good just the supliers that have been bad maybe im just unlucky
supplier doesn't like to use trade assurance or they get angry
Good service and wide variety of products
Cause trade assurance protects your money but should also penalize sellers that either lie, cheat or don't ship in time, I have to providers which I'm going through this and its costing me money, at least the should be penalized so that we all have loses and not only us buyers.
I would because of 3rd party disputes. I wouldn't because some vendor false advertise.
your prices
#NAME?
Price that sellers advertise are not accurate and the shipping is very inconsistent.
I love the fact your items can be assured.  I would'nt order without it!
n/a
NONE
Easy to use. Large amount of products in bulk
Trade assurance is good. Only real bad thing about alibaba is the messaging system. Search works bad, sometimes ssystem crashes and doesn't send messages, it is really poor quality coding.
Trade Assurance assures you that you will get your products which you have ordered. If delivery is not according to the agreement, you are not helpless.   One suggestion: when the product is received, one has only 1-2 days to confirm that everything is OK. Maybe it can be 3-4 days after receiving??
Lots of choices of product, and I like that I can follow the flow of the order from when it is placed to when it arrives.
Improve the services
quick. easy to use
Order placed on 15 Feb' 2020 (29604067501020214), but still waiting for delivery
The website is very bad... setting up payments bad.  very glitchy... getting help was not great either..When there was a dispute I got charged a feeDelivery not your fault.Website just not fun.....  But, on a positive note, I'm grateful to be connected with your country though this site.  The folks there speak great english all things considered..
i have problem... most of supplier not use trade assurance services and i dont know how to pay them... reason is..they hard to claim back..  for me this method very good ..easy for me make payment anytime.. but not sure why some supplier want use paypall, wechat pay, bank transfer... i think you should solve this problem...
When confirm the price to my door. Is important say the clearance import!
Super
Perfect, good communication with vendor
Fees
I just started using Alibaba more frequently recently. Too early to comments but, so far I'm quite comfortable with sourcing products from this platform.
So far all the companies I used with trade assurance have been good to deal with and I have got what I ordered.
There is no status update of the delivery. It assumed delivery completed automatically
Would recommend- Pricing
You feel safe when placing your order
My order did not a
i did not use, so i don't know
With the trade assurance my order is very securited.
Seller knows their products and is able to explain them.
Safety of transaction.
very helpful , a lot of varieties
The seller is more eager to do the right thing.The risk of losing money is reduced.The trade insurance is crucial for me to risk trading with a "country" so far away.
It gives you the price and the materials the item is made of, I would recommend.
It provides the guarantee required to be a trustful solution for imports
shipping issues
It's great protection for both sellers and buyers.
slow response.  Poor inventory.
I once had a compensation payment from Alibaba when a supplier let me down,
Trade Assurance favours and protects the suppliers more than the buyers. I had an incident when I wrote the wrong amount for a refund request and trade assurance did not allow me to change the amount after explaining what happened showing photos and videos as evidence. I ended up losing a lot of money with no products to sell or rent.
Great product and service, arrived on time!
Trade Assurance helps me feel confident that my orders are secured both from the Supplier, Shipper and Refuind in the invent of an order is not honored by the supplier.
My package came 99% empty. Most of the products I ordered went missing.
First he went to Milan by mistake and now he has not left China, it has been a month since the purchase.There is no easy way to contact alibaba customer support.the order is 33252371001029578.The supplier told me that it was sent by Fedex, we wrote to fedex and there is no shipment with the guide number that the supplier gave me FAREX2004003894
Very useful.  It gives me confidence in my business dealings.
Reliable and trusted
good service, recommend
I don't like the fact that it takes so long for you to receive your order. And if I knew about pay more to receive it faster I would've paid but I didn't hear about til after i placed my order.
is easy to get in touch with each company, the products are always good quality and good communication along the way.
Is very usefull
I placed an order the order was returned to the supplier by customs. I don't know the reason. The supplier inform me and ask me to apply for a refund. Also your website isn't easy to naviagate.
safe and secure
Everythings works well
pleasure
Quote US$400, we paid $
Its a little slow but its so much easier than before !!
N/A
Very organized.
it's a excellent and secure way to make business in China
suppliers cannot communicate
N/A
I feel safer paying on alibaba with this feature. It makes all the difference for me. It is a safety net in case of a scam
I always use Trade Assurance Service It's good.
I would recommend it to everyone. I love it to the maximum and it is my first choice while shopping for my business. finally, I love the trade assurance as it helps me get protected and safe. Thank you ALIBABA Team big thanks and love.
hay una amplia gama de productos y servicios, el traductor en simultaneo es una gran ayuda par a quienes tengan limitantes con el idioma. los precios son espectaculares con relación a la excelente calidad de los productos
great product. love it
Tracking information for shipments is not always provided in a timely fashion.
It Takes too long
Very happy.
Can NOT open case for refund32157862001024853We agreed to make samples from solid wood not of glued wood, product samples came to us from glued wood in 5-6 places, that is, from waste.A glued wood product with a thickness of 20 mm at high humidity can break at a minimum load and cause injury.Products are 3 cm shorter than the specified length.Therefore, the product does not match the existing packaging.We do not have the right to sell or advertise a dangerous product in advance for a prospective buyer.I want to return the products, if sender will be payed for shipment.
Not really sure how it affected my order, but I am happy with the process and received my item in good time.
Deals aren’t really good or vendors barely have deals on small for small businesses that needs wholesales
a ok 100% great
Closing time claims sometimes is earlier than when we receive goods. Supplier can play with that knowing the terms especially when they know they will deliver a non compliant product as per the order. When we claimed a real problem, we uploaded evidence, Alibaba closed the case automatically giving the resolution in favor of the supplier without letting us proceed with inspection. We had even agreed to pay the inspection fee, but all of the sudden the case appeared close and resolved in favor of the supplier.
Muchas paginas de los vendedores no tienen boto de pago
Very fast service to contact suppliers. The Alibaba platform is a little complex but i still understanding the purchase process and consulting different suppliers. Thanks Alibaba.
I need a way to print an proper invoice for my tax records!
Takes too long to return money. If supplier false to supply, then procedure to get back money takes more then week. In biz language is too slowly.
NEED TO KNOW EXACT SHIPPING INFORMATION AND TRACKING
I can't process the payment with my credit card. Spoke to my bank and their is no restriction on there side.
Auto confirmation on deliveries to places far away can be risky since shipment can take more time than trade assurance window and it's up to the buyer to be aware of extending Trade assurance time frame.
.
the delivery and shipping is badd
Main positive:  it's super convenient.
I like that there is some guarantee that I will receive my supplies in a timely manner and having secure payment options
ok
I didnt make my first import request yet
Everyone should need trade assurance.  It ensures that the goods being traded here are as advertised.
It's the best platform
THEPRODUCT IS ONE OF THE BEST ,BUT THEY SHOULD SEND '''''''ACCESS THRU E MAIL,,,,,WAITED 1 WEEK,,,,,,BEFORE THEY ASK ME TO COMMENT AND SAW THAT MY ACCESS CODE AND PASSWORD WERE ON THEIR SITE AND NOT SENT TO ME
make business more easy and safe.
i don't know what the service they provide is. i know i have received great service from alibaba and shipping partners. Thanks
We are a long-term partner, Greenson has a good service, the price is also very suitable, the most important thing is the excellent product quality, whether it is equipment or raw material supply, we are very satisfied
Alwa
No particular reason............    ................................
-
all
So far the experience has been pretty positive with the items we receive being comparable with the price we pay for them.  Sometimes there can be issue with the cost of shipping when you ask for a price including shipping to the final destination and then they try and add additional shipping later.  I have formed the impression we get a better outcome when we use Trade Assurance - it seems to keep the supplier more honest.
Trade Assurance is not allowing buyer to be fully protected.You should possiblity to pay more but have more warranty on you rpurchase as bad quality or percentage of the bouth items as refund.
Trade Assurance Service is okay for us.
Because once I apply for a refund and the money never went back to my bank account.
Peace of mind  -- really helps that the quality of goods and delivery are guaranteed -- as it should be.
very nice people
I have put in a order on April 7th, and i still haven't received my order. I haven't heard from the supplier and I think I have been scammed.
as ive been dealing with them so far the response time and assurances have been satisfactory.
Provides some confidence and certainty
very fast service
It make the suppliers more honourable to honour their prices and keep their services on par.
Sellers are not care about customers aslo Alibaba. No way to complain regarding orders.Take long time to process...
Peace of Mind, security, and refund features
It gives you some comfort as a customer
Response time is very long. Shipping is way too long.
very good
Seller was very helpfull
There's clarity every step of the way
That protects buyer.
it is not clear what it is, also the Alibaba site is not user friendly
The service worked quite well and provided me with security during the transaction
very happy will reorder
I WOULD RECOMMEND TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICES.
n/a
Great
Trade assurance is the best thing you ever created. It guarantees that you will be happy with the correct product at the correct price and that you will actually get the product or the seller will not get paid. Great idea! Your 2nd best idea was the Alibaba Freight! That allows us to keep the sellers somewhat honest when it comes to shipping rates. Shipping is the biggest problem that turns people off. When a product costs 350 to ship and I know it, and I get a good price from another seller and then they try to get $900 to $1200 in shipping, that is a big negative for any service. The freight system allows us to check their shipping rates for the correct dollar amount!
Later
based on experience
I would recommended Trade Assurance to protect yourself.
everything works OK
User friendly and direct.
Trade assurance service provided me with an easy way to contract services, giving me piece of mind that everything would work out well and guaranteeing that my investment would be safe.
I feel I can trust Alibaba, and that is main reason to choose a partner in business.
I would 100% recommend the Trade Assurance Service as is why I was able to receive a refund when a manufacturer didn't have the funds to cover.
The commercial guarantee is a service that gives the buyer some peace of mind when purchasing a product
excellent  service
It makes my business safe. I more willing to buy goods from alibaba
i DON?T EVEN UNDERSTAND HOW TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICE WORKS
Still getting to learn about it. Once I have used it more, I will be able to rate it more highly.
Trusted but messages service is slow.
ths system block me
In the last purchases made they tell me that there is no stock after making the payment and to refund me it takes too long.
business
Trade Assurance Service makes the transaction safer. Highly recommended.
I have not had to file any claims so I currently do not have good or bad opinions.
Ease, convenience, trust factor
this is my first time, i need to do more transactions to learn more
There is no guaranies to obtaine my "express delivery" at all. I'd paid my order 05/03/2020. The amount of payment included the relatively high cost od express delivery. It was approx 1|5 of the cost of my order. But still I  have no item delivered, no money refund. The system automaticaly paid the seller. At 16/04/2020 any tracking system cant find the order number.  Order No.30658047501021413 I'm extremely dissatisfied.
Supplier has not provided products purchased on February.  Supplier has not responded to any messages or emails for the past 3 weeks.
Working with a new supplier is always risky. Trade assurance gives me that confidence.
makes ordering much easier and stressfree
..
90% of sellers seem dishonest: they lie a lot and provide false CE certificates. So you need a minimum of guarantees.
Reliable service but we have one issue that nobody takes care. 5000 USD are at alibaba but they are very complicated to take care of it. We need help. Customer service was unable to help
Is very good
nice service
I recommend it because of Trustabiliy.
I got what I paid for with fair shipping
When we are buyer, Trade Assurance works well. But as a supplier, we(out of China company) can't use Trade Assurance for payment. It's inconvenient.
It gives me the ease of mind that I know my products are coming from a reputable company.Website needs to be faster and messenger needs to be less glitchy.
Very helpful and thorough system and communication
Some deliveries never made it and delay from agreed dates
Easy Transaction, Trusted and Safe Protection For Buyer and Supplier
I wouldn't want to let my customers know that I'm getting my goods from Alibaba.
Was a smooth transaction
The suppliers are very helpful
Fast service, friendly and helpful staff.
very easy with peace of mind.
none
good
That it is very good to have a guarantee, and not be adrift in your purchases.
I recommend
I will recommend trade assurance service to others for just payment process on Alibaba but I will not recommend trade assurance service for refund because I applied for a refund and Alibaba trade assurance sent me an email that my refund is completed while I haven't seen the money in my account and it's over a week I asked for the refund.
It gives the buyer the assurance and confidence when making the purchase
Fast response, quick shipping
i will recommend alibaba services to another person because its an easy platform to source products. I also will encourage them on alibaba payment link which guarantees your safty.
I would recommend Alibaba because based on my experience they serve me the best
No reason, I am just new to it, so still getting used to it.
None
Alibaba has our back on small business owners in the US
Safe and secure - GUARANTEED!
parcel is still waiting for transport from HK.
Ive been able to get all of my orders successfully. Leary of some of the merchants on here that dont  use alibabas payment option
good service
Piece of mind
I didnt get what I ordered!  Nor did I click that I had received it or that i was happy with it or was accepting it!!!!  Yet when I log on I see a message that I have accepted it and didnt say I wanted to return it in the desired time!!!  This is a shady fucking site and I will be bringing legal action against your site!!!!
Good suppliers, good prices.
some seller shipped different color and did not reply for issue credit. and deceptive quality
Need protection when dealing with another country.
It's a good place to find product straight from the factory and that can be customized if you want
He tratado de comprar unas mascaras de proteccion y no puedo iniciar la orden
I have waiting on my Product since march 23 2020 , and contacted your Customer service department and absoulutly no help what so everand got a total runaround this order and to Top it off, they Closed my account and said that it had been received and that was a huge LIE.. NOT HAPPY WHAT SO EVER WITH HOW I RECIEVED A TOTAL RUNAROUND ON THIS and I dont blame the Suplier I BLAME YOU AND YOUR SERVICE NOT KNOWING WHER THE HELL MY PACKAGE IS OR WENT, VERY UNPROFESSIONAL IF YOU ASK ME...... AND TO NOTE I STILL AM WAITING FOR MY PACKAGE AND STILL NO WORD ON MY ISSUE
high prices - poor quality - extreme mark price mark up for poorly produced fakes.
feel very protected with my ordering processing
not sure i understand how the service works.  What i dont understand i dont trust.
Good service
It give us a peace of mind and suppliers must work to  give us the goods that we ordered with the specifications and shipping time and cost,...
reliable and safe
ok
ok
Works well and fast.
This site has everything that you need and want.
trade assurance did not protect me and was incompetent. i had to rely on my bank instead.
Es muy fácil comprar con la protección de trade assurance y la verdad es que el servicio es muy bueno
payment method like cc is to expensive, should be possible to pay in home currency to not get charged twice in terms of paying the fee and fx fee
very dificut
I recommend because the short time to respond any requirements and the easy way toa make orders and payments
First time I used Alibaba, felt safer
Difficulties to get an invoice
payment transaccion needs to be more swiftly.there is no possibility of saving your cc information and one has to type it in every time.
They should use real photos and the cost on products are very expensive also delivery cost is expensive. We are in australia and should be in australian dollers. Samples cost more to send thats not right.
is more easy to order if we know there is an Assurance, lost some goods in the past without.
There is many supplier didn't update their
I'm don't really understand how that worked for me I'm afraid.
it's very functional
Trade Assurance Servcie gives sense of security and I can order with confidence.
I will recommend it
I would recommend. Though our dollar is not that well compared to the US
Great service and reliable
Well traded, warranty and reliability, proven business contacts
All is very good
When signing any contract, as in this case I am 100% protected
to have safe and smooth transaction
I have not receive my product and you ended the trade assurance service.
Convinient
Trade Assurance make more confidence on buying
because for over a month I have been arguing with a seller without being able to have the ordered material or the return?of my money
It leans heavily in the favour of manufacturers. And hidden terms are often 'added in' to make consumers liable for long delays in shipping. For example, reading the fine print for most orders. Manufacturers can be allowed up to 60 days for delivery - even for express services. People will source closer to home. As a company, we've have several accounts with Alibaba and experience the same problems every time. 1 in 5 transactions results in some issue, and never have we had a satisfactory resolution.
I would recommend as it is a sucre system.
Makes me buy items and be in safe side from bad sellers
I would recommend it for protection me being international buy I would
Your Trade Assurance coverage and communication while the transaction is in process is good. However, I received notice of the closed policy before I was able to take possession of the electric vehicle which I purchased from Shandong Hightop. And -- unfortunately -- there were serious issues after you closed the policy. These are issues for which it seems I do not have any recourse or manner of resolving. I have communicated with the transaction representative of Shandong Hightop, Ms. Cindy Liu [cnmc010@chnmach.com], many many times, explaining problems and asking for help. But she has not provided any replacements or any of the needed instructions for assembly that I have been begging for.JAMES COLBURNDEMPSEY MANOR INN506 MAPLE STREETMANISTEE, MICHIGAN, USAPOSTAL CODE 49660TELEPHONE:  231-510-4430EMAIL: dempseymanor@yahoo.com
good quality and order controls
Everything is ok for now
Sellers are allowed to lie, lie, lie to buyers. Once purchases are made our goods are held and we just get the runaround. We are told one day and it does not happen
NO WAY THE BEST WAY TO DO THINGS THE ONLY PROBLEM NOBODY EVER TELL ME THAT I CAN US A REGULAR MAIL FORM CHINA BIG MISTAKE
I do recommend very safe and fast shipping
I would recommend because I can ordered without worry about not receiving my orders.
very safe
because you can receive feed back and if you do not like the product you can get a refund with not problems.
Security for buyer
Large variety of products.
I like it but what ive heard from India is they don't have to abide by it?
Safe shopping by Alibaba Expres is excellent and reliableThe merchandise arrives in time to the country of destination, the bad thing is the delivery inside it, a lot of borocratic process, and it takes time door to door
Very easy and organized from quote to payment to delivery
to be sure to have a follow up
yes
It is fantastic.
Don't feel like Alibaba have the buyers best interest.
I have not had to use the trade assurance feature
Bad experience with solving one Trade Assurance Contract.
Big choice of products, may order samples
I have not had great communication with all the vendors
unsure
because is my secret weapon !
Alibaba is first class in china
Aside from the production and shipping delays, the products have been great and I have been able to serve my customers successfully.
none
.
I purchased products that did not perform as advertised and Alibaba would not refund the purchase price.
I would for security
Excellent service
I value the experience and oversight of the Trade Assurance Service.
I had problems with the delivery, it took longer than it was proposed at the beginning because of some address issues.
If I recommend it, since it gives a lot of security in my purchases, and gives me a guarantee that I receive what I pay
Security
I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY BLOWER
Due to the fact that you guys have a world wide access to manufacturing of all products.
no good customer services
its so good
It was pretty convenient
secured transactions and   flow
I guess it gives you more security in receiving your order
Amazing communication, very fast answers
I chose "neither satisfied nor dissatisfied" because I have not had a situation where I needed that service - BUT - I'm very glad it's there. It really does help create trust.
It is safe, and I feel my interests is taken care of
quality
friendly user
I dont have so much experience. Therefore i'm not in the position to give a opiniom.
good services
No support!
Even though you have some trouble for purchase, Alibaba will pick the chinese supplier's side. when you google about this problem, you will see so many articles about Alibaba being unfair to foreign companys. Very surprisingly, thoese dispute decisions are highly subjective and unreasonable. I used to do business through alibaba so much one point and all stopped and never use them because of this reason. I ordered "white Marble colored stone fridge" and they made"white color fridge" but they insisted that the material is an artificial marble therefore when it's white, it's White marble color. This is objectively ridiculous but alibaba favoured the supplier's side because it's vague. If anyone hear this kind of unfair stories, no one will want to deal with them anymore. like how we never use again.
Anything i will purchase under alibaba i will have 100% assurance
Safety and proffesionalism
...
Alibaba is very well established and appears to have everything required to satisfy, easy and safe transactions overseas.
great
Very easy and safe to use.
Safety over transations
contract broken and nothing has happened to protect my money
It is excellent
WE NEED TRADE ASSURANCE BECAUSE WE HAVE BAD EXPERIENCE
OK
I would to recommend trade assurance service, to safely transaction in alibaba.com
sent wrong machine and trade assuarnce automatically lapsed
there is a trade assurance fee that I feel should not be there as scam and poor quality products is very common without trade assurance and people who don't use trade assurance because of the fee is in a very huge risk
i would, because the product is very nice
I haven't received or tested my order due to the Covid-19 lockdown.
I never received my items and i made an application and have had not response
The page is very efficient
safe and secure.
Es difficult to negotiate specifications of the product. Conversations through whatsapp are not so easy to handle.
Smooth transaction, secure. It was great!
Fast and trustworthy
1) Delivery terms. I'm used to buying goods with EXW (because most suppliers don't deliver to my country).So Chinese suppliers send the goods to my agent in China (Express method), and then my agent delivers it to my country (Ukraine) by sea. It usually takes more than a couple of months.Trade Assurance protect my order for only 15 days + 30 (with extention). If the quality of the product is bad, I can't even write a review because the time is up.2) I want to receive Trade Assurance expiration notifications.Sorry for my English. I hope everything is clear.
because its helped me connect to vendors for every product im in search of
I recomend for make lot bussines.
I always used this method and it works well.
Because you look after the supplier, not the customer.  Your supplier sent me very bad material, so bad that it is unbelievable that you would make me take the risk to send it to China to test, and make me pay for it.  Too much risk for me.  It makes me not trust your brand.
Excellent marketplace which has changed my life
None
is perfect
i hv placed few orders on ALIBABA, 2 of the sellers, not replying me, they were very good before i made the payment, after that they have to not despatch the goods, keep saying they will soon, i have open a case but every time ALI BABA giving them 6 days to excuse, its means they don't bothered, ALI BABA, should have a strict policy, it should be clearly sated in the order (before the payment) that with in agreed period, supplier has to ship / despatch the goods. if they are unable to despatch the goods, the money will be refunded or at least 20-30% will be charged as LATE DELIVERY PENALTY.
all is good and is application  real
i feel safe that if i use trade assurance that the products i order will come though
My order arrived with out exp. dates and no lot number on the skinny fit detox tea bags. Also, i only received half of the order. i am unable to sell the TEA. i contacted the owner she said she would ship out the exp. label ASAP she said around 12 days  NEVER received them this was before coronavirus. this was in February. i also sent her a message i was calling my bank. i lost money and i am very upset in the way she does business.
Pro: Sure transactionsCon: Level of transaction security for payment. Get secure 2-level verification.
its a tool where you can dispute an order and seek a refund.
No trade assurance in India which is needed for our specific business to order supplies.
I have only made one purchase on alibaba. I hope to buy again, the quality of the experience will determine the chances of repeating.
It assure me that a product will arrive and the company will get paid.
It's not very intuitive and there are baseline requirements related to QA that Trade Assurance should automatically include in the contract such as condition of product is new, clean, functional, etc.
The servie is very efficient.
no
Security of transaction
I recomend
The buyer can delay delivery and launch "Express delivery" without actually shipping the product btu giving a tacking number and wait 15 days before paying for the shipping that way the package is still in his possession untill he gets paid by Alibaba. after the 15 days he pays for the shipment and the parcel that was waiting for 15 days is launched. At this pòint the client cannot reverse the payment because the goods have been shipped and the supplier claims that the goods are custom made. Nulling and vioding Alibaba trade assurance easily delaying delivery to client....
We have not yet had any dispute - or had to use the Trade Assurance Service.We can answer this survey more accurately after we have had direct experience.On a positive note, it gives us confidence to trade using Alibaba.com - we feel we have some recourse should we have any problems.
it is very satisfying and relaxing to know that Alibaba is backing up the buyer in during the entire process.
The suppliers that I am working with are amazing and very easy to work with
Iam very satisfied
I purchsed an order and made sure I had Trade Assurance, but I still have not received the item and Alibaba peyed the seller, so it seems I lost my money. There is no security on buying with Trade Assurance.
Service is so excellent.
i would offer protection
We once received products. The Quality was bad - not as agreed upon (we had to throw the products in value of 10000 USD away)The trade assurance did not work although we could proof with facts.
fast, safely, ok
Excellent service
It is safe
Rude suppliers and sending wrong products
cost of shipping price so expensive
It's really comfortable service! Straight conversation with producer or supplier and opportunity to solve really difficult issues.
I had a problem with a supplier (CNBK brake shoes), the quality of the products are very bad, I'm still waiting for the answer and support from Alibaba and that was almost 6 months ago.. The supplier does not exist anymore, so that mean that I lost my money (970 usd plus alibaba fees)
All good s have to fully paid 100% even before the goods even leave China port.
The payment is a hassle. Sometimes, we make full payment and bore all the bank payments from our end. But still the supplier did not receive the full amount. Sometimes, supplier asks us to pay more to cover the Alibaba fees.Never had to process a dispute, so I cannot comment on that. orders are usually made by the supplier and we make payment  via bank transfer. It will be good if you extend the online payment option to customers outside of USA also.We are based in Dubai, but most offers in Shipping are not available for Dubai based customers
Very easy networking with suppliers.
website often doesn't refresh and doesn't show replies in the chat
ITs very easy to use
Currently, I am new with in this site and I still have my reservation regarding fake accounts or 3rd party agents but so far with some of the transactions that I have, 1 came through and you have a system that is currently verifying seller also. I like it and hope each transaction that I will have will be genuine and successful.
It has very nice workers they move very fast and get your orders correct!
Keep peace of mind when buying
good
Too long wait
very good
It gives me confidence that my money is safe
great service
i haven't had any issues with the purchase so i wouldn't no so far is been all good
I recommend because my money here is warranty
security
good service
Reliable
It protects a buyers purchase.
I have not had to use it, and hope I do not have to, but it is reassuring knowing it is there.
Requested assistance and a refund from a vendor that delivered a defective product with no help from Alibaba. Alibaba closes out the receiving step of an order before customer has adequate time to resolve quality problems with vendor. I paid extra for the product over EBAY price to buy through Alibaba so I can get trade assurance and it did not work
we like the cardot alarm
No protection for buyers. Tried to dispute order where i was sold used cells in very used condition, when i was told they were new. Alibaba sided with the seller, despite visual pictures showing the product was in used condition.
no comment
Great safe and secure services
FOR THE TESPISMO IN THE ANSWERS, AND THE SERIES OF THE COMPANIES
It feels so much more safe for us buyers
Website has become difficult to use, difficult to find messages and attachments.It used to work as been appalling for the last 6 months.
I recommend it 100% for your safety !!!
great
There is not much clarity in the communication channels to use. Each provider lies at their convenience. I have had the same problem in the three purchases I have made, and in the end I have ended up paying hidden values ??because they do not release my load.
Reliable
The ease of use and the peace of mind, both make Alibaba a pleasure to use.
It makes you feel secure and protected as a buyer.
I receive very good service from the suppliers I have met through Alibaba.
Last month I bought a compressor from Shanghai Royal Machine through Alibaba.And the goods arrived at the end of last month.But the item was a little broken when I received it.Please tell me what to do.
good
Satisfied PROTECTED
still have fake suppliers...(example ? try to buy PS4)
i would
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is very good to protect our paying.
It takes over an hour to upload video evidence (30 second clip).  There is a checkbox for confirming account information for a refunds, but no account information appears on the page.
Problems in past that merchants were allowed to keep money even though my merchandise was damaged because of poor packing. Then seller colleague on cursed at me. Trade Assurance did not understand the nature of box chains.  So far  I have lost $500 on Alibaba by damaged or fake merchandise.So I don't place big orders for that reason.Clara Caulfield
i feel at ease with my money
had a supplier send wrong goods, alibaba trade insurance did not allow refund even after we supplied all the proof that supplier was fraud
just happy
It makes me feel a bit safer as im so far away
I have only had a couple of issues with suppliers .  Trade Assurance was was very helpful..  The few issues that arose, were quickly resolved
Because I still haven't received my order. I was trying to be patient with the pandemic going on, and was going to wait longer than usual before speaking to the seller or seeking a refund due to the assumption that said pandemic had slowed down shipping. Now I'm unsure if I'll even be able to do that due to my order being "complete" despite me never signifying it as such.
Rug was perfect, I will order another soon!
Safe buying, good peace of mind
I would recommend it because it seems to me a very good tool to guarantee the payment of the clients and not be scammed
the refund of wiring money refunds and timeframes
The seller could choose not to commit and change our shipment charges after I've already made initial payment.
I have not received the shipment and you are unfreezing the funds
I love the various selections for vendors. All vendors I have contacted have had great customer service, good communication, and fast shipping.
none
It easy to use
All right transactions and suppliers always polite and friendly to questions.
I have still not recieved my product
suppliers are very friendly and helpful with their sales item
trade assurance Services team work together whit the supplier that mean if you have a problem alibaba don't help you . Alibaba close your trade assurance whit out to conform whit the bayer . the supplier can cal alibaba but the bayer can not . alibaba cal the supplier but alibaba don't contact the bayer .Alibaba do everting to work together whit the supplier . alibaba take your money and if you have a problem alibaba told you must make contact whit the supplier . the supplier never wil make contact whit you and alibaba don't help you . alibaba have only bad supplier . becare full  whit alibaba . I lost a lot of money on alibaba and time . alibaba never show you one proof how he Jude the case . only word you wil get from alibaba the case is close you must contact alibaba .
perfect
is good
the cost is expensive
The  Customer service is very good
safe for buyer
Need to be simplified
Be carefull, the site and how to place order for a novice is very very hard. Very confusing and need more data about INCOTERMS.
Very professional and relevant
Alibaba is a well stablished company very easy to trust in.
it is easy. upto now we are happy with the service
Very robust website
Very unprofessional way of communication. Giving me different dates and different tracking number(FAREX2003022625YQ & 1Z5119E40496992691) for same parcel. No response after 14 days of payment, i am not sure where is the parcel and even the agent (Lei Lei) don't know about it. I am in full time contact with agent but no straight answer and just playing and giving me very stupid logic. Sorry, this is my last shopping.
My order is tracked to an Italy address. confirmed delivered. I am in U.S.A. My address is clear in order.
I bought two resonance magnetic body scan machine and neither one of the software or machine is working and it has been weeks i have been communication with the seller and still not any answer or solution is given. i have two scanning machine that the software does not work.  i have used it on win10 , 8 and7 and nothing works. and i am still waiting
I don't see the benefit
Interface and messaging are difficult
I love the fact that I can do a domestic wire transfer. I would love to see an option to attach the contract that we both parties have signed. So it can be all in 1place.
Secure way of purchasing products.
its very security and high quality
EVERYTIME I HAD HAVE A ISSUE THEY HAVE FIXED THE PROBLEM! I LOVE THE COMPANY.
Well, I have not received my product yet, so I selected to extend the receipt time on the trade assurance order until I had my product in hand. And although the extension said it still had 6 days remaining to confirm, it confirmed it automatically. And I still do not have my product yet.....
good service
It is fast
Even the receipt included discouting; the company requested the entire payment, which the customer service says no resolution. It is really irresponsible response for their mistake. Also, the tracking number was changed in the middle of shipping, which was not informed. I couldn't figure out where my package was located. I would never purchase through Alibaba until the issue is resolved. Also, no recommendation to others.
Very helpful website, easy to use and very secure.
everything shi[ping prices too high
idk
I like all the vendor options for so many products.
Easy to find supplier and get quotations.Negotiating delivery is hard and sometimes hard to know if supplier is credible but ratings help.
It's great!
I think I should complete the order on my side after I received the product. But you completed it for me and made me unsatisfied.
Transparency and reliability of transactions
On the portal, my order (31759878001026053) it is indicated as “order complete" and is not. Until now i'm not received nothing.Should I make a claim?
Everything worked as planned and stated
fast response time, reliable sellers
two out of five items I purchased, reached non- functioning
I appreciate the ability to order through Alibaba.  A complication I am experiencing is how long it takes to get enough detail on the products prior to ordering.  I takes many, many questions to understand what product is actually being sold and the specifications on the product.  It is a recurring theme.  When I express interest in a product the company representative starts out with, "How many pieces do you want?"  The response should be, "Thank you for your interest in our fine products.  Do you have any questions I can answer before we start your order?" [In my opinion]  Then, have fact sheets available in the customer's language about the product.
I find it gives me peace of mind when having to deal with international suppliers
I still haven't got my package
your are rest assured
ok
its a safety net
I'm new to this one
Secure and easy.  Will recommend.
You are geared towards the vendor and it seems as though you do not care about the customer. I received a defective product and you didn't protect me.
Lead time for shipping was quite long, 10+ days
It gives the buyer "peace of mind" when ordering.
You don?t respect the customer, trade assurance service is a joke, not assurance of the money you are always on the side of the chinese companies.
all are ok, but some time the cost sowed is not the same when we quotaote, same is we respect MOQ,
Like the  product and the prices.
Hello, did an order, supplier ask me to cancel due to something with the amount... was more than $5000 uds... have to apply for a refound and was granted.... but I have to wait up to 20 days to have my money back.Place another order, and the supplier in order to comply  with lead time, he put on the last day a tracking number from other customer...he explined that I can cancel order... but I will have to wait up to 20 days to have my money back.... what then I will have 10,000 uds out of my bank for a lot of time
GOODS DELIVERED OM TIME AND AS SPECIFIED.
Just make due diligence to the sellers identity
in this moment the taxes alibaba for the coronavirus the usd is chape
No reason. I love the Trade Assurance Service
yes
There is not clear what is what. I didn't knew fees and % of services not until I acually pays for them. When I asking about fees, no one knows it, not even when I ask helping personals. When I am asking transport firm they dont tell me about all fees and I do not know if the 3% fee for assurance they asking is real or not.
i have. a very big problem,I agreed with the company that covid-19 is not a problem but now, yet yet they refer to it
Hopefully because of the security for my money...
na
Trade Assurance Service is a very important thing when making deals with foreign suppliers. It gives customers confidence and helps make orders quickly without worrying.
In my case I had high penalties caused by the supplier's error in inspection fees for fines and I had to assume without 90% of the cost for an error caused by the supplier.
For small stuff to komplikatet
SECURE AND DELIVERY IS VERY GOOD
I would recommend because the business owners are very helpful with what I am looking for.
i like it but sometimes it takes a long time to find what you need, especially because suppliers usually don't put shipping cost and you have to write them and wait 12 hours or so for the response...
fast services
I didn't get the full  refund for the product, that canceled my the supplier.
Easy to find supplier
Invoices are confusing when I try to figure amount due.
very good service
The automatic confirm receipt is not good. I havent received my order after 15 days and it shows the item is delivered which is not true.
The Alibaba representative, sided with a supplier in a dispute and I felt that the dispute was handled in an unfair an unprofessional manner. I will tell everyone I can to never trust Alibaba trade assurance.
Have ordered from them 3 times now. Always get great service,  great comunication, Questions are always answerd quickly and accuratly. The products are always of high quality and meet or exeed my expectations.
good service and numerous options to choose from
is good!
good service and protection to make orders
The dispute team was incredibly biased towards the seller, it does not protect the buyer at all, even with the terms of the contract being violated and evidence to support the buyer the dispute team kept making biased excuses.
Very Trustworthy
very professional
Well, I did not test Alibaba's commercial guarantee because the items I bought were of good quality and there was no reason to make the return. but they should extend the refund time for my region BOLIVIA, the merchandise coming from china will take about 60 days to arrive. but it is not worth making the reimbursement for the bureaucracy of my country, thank you.
Lack of Experience, because I only made an order
Excelent services of supllier , very goog
It provides a safe way to order my products
Great Service easy to use.
I didn't have a good experience with my purchase. The quality of the purchased items is unsatisfactory.
Have not had to use it yet but have heard of people having issues.  Not easy to get money back.
Because of the quality products that are being sold and the customer's protection with Trade assurance
I do not think most Americans are able to properly import
I've always found what I've been looking for,alibaba is the safest page to do business with china
No answer
I have not had any issues with receiving products and communicating with sellers.
I would recommend Trade Assurance service.
Feel more confident that order will be correct.
Trade assurance is a very good service and I can be sure to get my money back if the supplier doesn't ship out the ordered goods.
no
I prefer US-made products for quality assurance
SATISFECHO CON EL MARKET PLACE
didn't help me with my order when i was cheated
Good
no so far everything is very good
Good security service
Good serices, good supliers and great products.
I did not have the experience of acquiring it
it only covers 50% of your order if anything happens to it.
No need
Gives you confidence in the purchase process
because it easy
I would like to be able to filter search results for products better.
I believe there needs to be a better receipt system for tracking purchases.
Vendors are faking and price gouching
I have to wait 10 days for my refund.If this was any other platform (eBay/ Amazon, etc), I would be immediately refunded.And it is not clear whether or not a refund has been sent or received. I had to contact customer service and give them the order number, to get this information.Shambolic
Perfect!
prompt service
Allows you to feel more comfortable placing samples and orders, knowing that you are covered by Alibaba.
I'm very happy with the service
poor with dispute resolution
good
It usefull
We are not sure if we can win the dispute even though we have clear evidence that goods were not provided as promised. Goods can not be sold this way on the local EU market without CE marking. It also affects our clients decisions to work with us.
No comment now
Find it reliable
There is a related cost!
Everytime a supplier didn't send the right goods or when they sent a broken machine and we had to escalate the rebound Alibaba never respected the customers right.
The trade assurance does not protect you if your goods are damaged upon arrival unless you reject the package from the shipping company without knowing what the contents look like. This is completely unreasonable. What are you supposed to do if you cannot see the products are damaged before opening the package? The trade assurance does not guarantee your order will be protected and is useless.
Ability to contact the supplier directly, easy of payment with the different options, and easy of browsing.
recommanded for security
n/a
Did not do anything to help the buyer. All it did was give a false sense of being looked after. Didnt investigate any of the issues with the seller and their products&gt;No rating systems for products. No penalties for sellers who send low standard products.
Very serious company
I bought an item and requested a refund of 584 dollars and it is the date and alibaba has not returned my money.My cell number is 3162799970 in Colombia and my name is Wilkim Amed Monroy Castro
Some of suppliers is dishonest.Not telling the true information. (ie. you will get your tracking number today x 3 times and not providing one)I'm not very pleased about this issue.
Will recommend because it is straightforward.
N/A
professional, friendly, and great shipping timing plus good prices
the cost of trade assurance service quite expansive.
i dont know anything about it.
We have had a number of fraud issues with suppliers claiming to provide trade services. Alibaba needs to implement a supplier verification system to prevent such fraud. Te last one cost us 12000 in losses.
Quality of the product make the whole thing skeptical.
cool
I expected Alibaba to step in earlier and not make me have fight with a vendor for a refund.
The system works good. But I was charged shipping cost twice due to pandemic trouble (??? which I was not for certain) and this reduces my trust in trading process.
Because I received different product from the picture I saw when I ordered.
Because it only charges
Had a dispute which was solved by Alibaba due to the Trade Assurance Service. Otherwise my money would have been gone with high probablity
i have used it and it works
It hasn't failed me yet
Its good, and sellers on Alibaba are reliable as long as we ask for Trade Assurance
no caller center to communicate.also supplier need sell products describe according as to just generating sales on false pretence which is wrong
The
Good service ever
Ease and availability but some suppliers do not respond or are hard to communicate with.
It is nice to have Trade Assurance
to cover you
Perfect service !!We reccomend trade assurance service.
The costs are too high.
Worked so far but im still new so havent had a chance to get used to anything yet
For now I cannot give an opinion, but I am not at all satisfied with Order 34451343001022126.The seller marked the shipment as arrived with this transport code 5032603343, but it is the transport code of another order arrived to another person in Spain, while I gave my address in Italy.I don't like these behaviors. I wait a few days, if the seller does not change the tracking or I do not get the goods I will request a refund.
every thing has arrived as stated so far
Quick response. Reliable service. Very professional.
Great!
Alibaba only need have a better logistics in all the wordl, create special agreements for your clients, give more gifts for much purchase
It's a good site
Most cases it is safe
is not the easiest site to use, takes way to long and is over complected, trade assurance is not easier to understand, limited ways to questions a possible problem
very practical and serious, it is helpful when you don't know the company you are working with
never get refund despite few complaints
ok
μμ
I would rrecommend but i have great problem making pament with my debit card.
Good service, honest, quickly.
Weil es ohne Probleme funktioniert.
It protects both sides fairly.
I had a contract, after that they made me pay an extra $25 for shipping. Although there was a booking n° with DHL, they revoked the order. I had to fill a complaint, waiting now to escalate and in the mean time losing a lot of time with their lies.
I have no experience using assurance
All very good, good service
best system for connect Europe/China business
concenient
n/a
Sellers sell prododucts which they don?t have. Ecpesially quality is not on the level it should be. And also they send certificates and test reports which don?t fullfil requirements even seller claims so.
The photo quality is displayed in alibaba is too good but when ask for real product... look different
The costs!Each transfer I pay $20 regardless of $$$$ would be WAY better if I could just topup my Alibaba account with $5,000 and use that money to pay suppliers as needed and not have to pay $20 for each transfer.
Very responsive operators to excellent support.
Bad product.
Requesting a refund is very difficult. And taking too long Giving the seller more opportunities than necessary, the buyer will be disadvantaged when there is a dispute
buyer protection
I would.
recommend
Some suppliers cannot do Customs clearanceSometimes, the are tricks from the suppliers. For example, the LCD from thermometers are on Chinese language, and they are not fully responsible for their known wrongdoing.Be careful, I feel there are suppliers who are not honest doing business.They fulfill the order shipment, but they sell products without export/international standards. Some products are damaged due to lack of QC, and poor packing
there's got to be a way for alibaba to get more info and official documents on companies so that we are 100% sure of authenticity of the items . That would give me more confidence in using companies from alibaba.
Half the time Alibaba takes my credit card, and the other half it does not. There is plenty of room on the credit card and I use the same one each time which is almost every day. VERY FRUSTRATING.
Because l need to inspect my product to make sure everything is correct with the order.
Trade Assurance does not work properly. We had a problem with a supplier who not only delivered the product way passed the agreed upon time, but also delivered it all mixed up and incorrectly! Supplier does not want to refund the money and Alibaba does not want to refund the money either. We have been in "resolution" since last November 2019! More than 5 months and the issue has not been resolved yet! Very disappointed with Alibaba's customer service....
Love this site.Alwats have what I need.
I would recommend
GOOD SERVICE
Great service
I like the protection when dealing with an overseas company.
aa
I have not had to use the trade assurance benefits as my one and only order was shipped as promised and arrived as advertised.
Transaction is protected.
It is easy- however the fees are very high on top of the fees already charged by the bank for credit cards etc.
So far the service is reliable, and provides confidence when purchasing items from so far.
Very easy to order and manage an order, very easy to find what you are looking for
security
I never used the trade insurance
You do not protect the buyer from dishonest sellers.
I have ordered a device to find out it is counterfeit and it does not work. It took more than one month and a half to arrive. Worst of all i have uploaded videos from my phone, mediafire and google drive and Alibaba are stating they can not see my evidence. I have sent this to other people and asked if they can see my videos and everyone i sent videos to have no problem what so every seeing my videos i have sent them. It is very strange that only Alibaba are the only people that can not see my evidence. I play fair and do not think Alibaba is at all. I have asked for help more then several times and i have got a offer of $61 back to me. I am sorry i paid $82 dollars for a counterfeit product and shipping and it is only fair i get that back. This is why i will be having a hard time telling my family friends and my youtube community anything good about Alibaba. I hope Alibaba can change my mind.
price
Just wish it would be capable of securely saving my banking information, not with my card but with an email address of some sort like how paypal is
Don't know what it is
Money is not spent until products are received
I ordered some scientific equipment and i recieved them and it is nor expensive
can not recommend it,in General, all the parcels came, but there were problems with the Russian customs when receiving the last one.Everything is fine on your side,and problems are arising in Russia.
Guarantees the transaction
My shipment wasn't delivered and I am not getting a refund even if it is sent back to the supplier.
N/A
It is needed more control from Alibaba on the sellers
I had an issue with a vendor that shipped me the wrong item. they made it right but it is important to me that if the vendor doesnt correct their mistake, that alibaba trade assurance will!!!
very reliable, only bank commssion fee is very high, others are good.
We don't understand the process to adjudicate compensation
i have a dispute for products I have not received and its been a long time. I cannot get new product because over $3600 is tied up!
No reason
Its easy to buy and everything is very transparent
abc
Ensuring honest and transparent relationships is extremely important.
Some appliers are very don't care after purchasing their product. Sometimes don't send a product, don't refund the full amount I sent.
The guarantee of payment and control on real status of the order it fantastic. Permit to operate with a best partner. Congrat.
Have not received any orders.
The sellers doesnt wanto use your services and direct us to alternative paying methods so we really can not use trade assurance.
Feel more comfortable that the order is secure.
I would like to select the currency I need to pay in. the prices on the site are not updated by the sellers which is very frustrating.
R
Excellent service. Well protected
It's consumer and supplier Friendly
I would Recommend it.
Website not working with MacOS Safari
If I choose EXW and not DDP, Trade Assurance can not help me because I ship my goods with a freight forwarder.
I don’t receive my order
because there's always a problem when I make payment
I have paid for an order and my money has gone missing with little to no help from Alibaba useless
I am happy that I got a call and email before confirming the payment. Good Service.
No order completed yet. Can only review when order is completed
not used
Easy and safe.
Not applicable.
i dont feel protected
Trade Assurace OrderCase No.1005697201Order No.32352251501027520I got cheated
Good quality item
N/A
its amazing
because alibaba is a expensive place for selling     taobao is more cheaper
O
ok
Easy to source products and suppliers.
When there is a problem with a trade assurance order, you don't take care of it.
..
I am not happy that so many fake companies on the alibaba who primise soemthing
I want to make sure that my payment will be protected by Alibaba
Everything came I beautiful and ran smoothly!
Gives me confidence to deal with new suppliers.
Personal preference
products availability and trust on your sevice
All the providers are very responsible
peace of mind
I would recommend for its secutity.
I made a purchase and it took 2 months to arrive to me. My agent received it but there are packages that can't be opened because it would be impossible to close them again. The product that I received from the vendor is not what we agreed on. I made the claim and didn't get the help because " my agent didn't check it", the product was supposed to be what I payed for, PERIOD.The client doesn't get a change to get what they need in case of a claim. This doesn't work. As usual we are the ones to loose. And they are probably still selling the same product, without any repercussion to their store. SO, I DO NOT RECOMMEND
Because the person who helped me in the other side
I would recommend you Ya'll I love the product!!
it is very complicated place an order and get paid itand ALIBABA send a lot of emails requiring the payment even if the payment is allready made
I would recommend because it works.
I bought several times in your site I died being loyal before I recently received 8 defective pieces after a purchase of 15 pieces from the same seller but this time I could not use the eight pieces to get my money back or to make me the repair because of the apandimie and also the total confinement in my country but the seller and your service do not listen to this problem which is not resolved because of him I will lose my customers and my goods I am a professional football referee in my country and I have principles so I ask for a refund after I send the goods so as not to smooth my blocked customers or he will send me the 8 defective pieces and I will settle my clients and I find no problem but born the born the other it was accepted by you unfortunately and you did not understand the catastrophic situation that we live with the pandemicI await your return to advance in the next order in your because everything is blocked,
good service
Delaying REFUND & after 3Months received products which was supposed to be delivered in weeks of time.I can understand pnedomic coronovirus situation,but refund should have been done after I raised request.it delayed and delayed and I finally got the product &in India it's lockdown...so it's really of no use having that product.a refund for sure had helped.but alibaba did not do so...they just went on pushing 14 days and so about refund process.....now who is going to bare the losses I am in since 4+Months (including India Lockdown till April 14th (don't know if it extends even by state wide or nation wide from April 14th...and if lockdown extends...then it is worst )...Never expected this from Alibaba & quality of the product received is not upto standards & they are just ok...but the price is almost same in India...so what is the use.
.
Its a secure way to order and work with the supplier.  This was my first time ordering and I was surprised at how easy it was to work make a purchase.
thanks
It opens up the world to everyone.
I haven't received my product yet, and the payment was still released to the seller
Service is a little slower than I expected. Your prices for the merchandise is great but the shipping cost is rediculous..
website crashes constantly
you are a company of fraudsters and fraudsters because you do not return money for an undelivered product
It is humanized
lot of messages
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because i am very Satisfy with it.
I will definitely recommend
Protection
the website is user extremely unfriendly. Most vendors want to communicate on a different platform because the software on Alibaba is user extremely difficult and unfriendly. If you were to compare ease of use with Amazon.com you would be humiliated and disqualified from competition due to the fact that your product is so inferior in every measurable way possible and imaginable it's not even in the same category. It would be comparative to a Heavyweight boxer boxing a woman from gymnastics back up team for nigeria.
I haven't used it.
easy safe payment
I love trade assuranceIt has to be the best thing ever to come out of anywhere.It makes international trade easy and trustworthy.Thank you Alibaba!
I think to ensure safety in our business don't lose or lose, we should use this this trade assurance service.
no comment
Good
Friendly service, help me to deal with my problems and communicate with the supplier. Sometimes is hard when you do not speak the language
have not recieved shipment...never recieved product
I have not recieved my goods yet (shipper could not get them from China to Australia due to covid19. Hopefully they will be able to in the future, but I have no goods and have paid for them, but assurance has decided I have my goods, which I don't.
I'm in a dispute right now.  Alibaba are taking the view that dispatching the goods 16 days late does not count as a violation of service.  It does.
Order Safety
It's great
service was safe secure and quick.
we are assured of the delivery of goods
I was not able to return a product due to covid19 and because it has a battery and unable to certify its safety onpost. I was only given 100USD refund for 400 USD product.
Very satisfied
Korean and japanise suppliers needs to accept payments and offer trade assurance by Alibaba.
Sometimes is necessary talk to sellers and will be late
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service for security and peace of mind for business
Excelente Servicio
I am happy
they kept me informed of my order. No worries
I've had wonderful experiences with Alibaba and I am able to order with confidence.
It hasn't worked for e so far... I got overcharged for counterfeit items and shipping and now I am out of pocket sending items back to TRY to get a refund!
Some companies lie about your products
Security reasons
I have had very good vendors who respond quickly and nicely
no
I would recommend it because it is a very secure platform. an extra percentage is paid for credit card payments but it is acceptable since your money is protected.
existen ciertas transacciones complicadas o dificiles de entener al inicio; asi como la variacion de costos en el envio, no especifican la razon de la misma.
seems to be straight forward and easy.
good
best pricing on general wholesale products
It brings together supplier and buyers together in a fast way.
Very good protection for the buyers!!
because i don't want local competition in business
I got ripped off $150 I did no get my product!
I would recommend it.
Trade Assurance Service provide a sense of security and protection.
I recommend this site because of your Trade Assurance guarantee.
They were very quick with my refund and it was very easy.
Yes I would recommend. Peace of mind.
Selection  of product
Our Experience was very smooth from start to finish.
Good service!
In selecting the trade assurance tick box I have been able to find a great supplier who is very easy to deal with and provided very good quality samples.
good system
The reason is that i'm currently going through a 2nd Dispute of the first product ordered. I was not pleased with the outcome that the  Alibaba "Team Assurance" nor how it was handled in the 1st dispute. I had submitted plenty of evidence (pictures, documents, conversations, etc) to prove my dispute and from all of the "Assurance" the Agents had given me of the case the Alibaba "Assurance Team" failed to rule on my side. So, to me, i did/do not have much faith nor "trust" if they allow situations such as this happen to where they do not "stand behind" the buyers. Also, it would be also better, especially situations such as this, to where a person can actually speak with a real Trade Assurance Agent. because i belief there's a huge issue of the language barrier that causes issues within the translations of different cultures and as well for handling disputes. So to answer the question at hand, i'm not commenting until my situation is resolved to where I'M a "SATISFIED" BUYER/CUSTOMER
Easy to order  except for bulk purchases
I would recommend Alibaba to everyone, just sort out the issue of the shippers who increase shipping costs after payment is done.
complicated
it makes it easier to pay and communicate with others
good service
Needs less cluttering.
Is a safe way to buy
Terrible service. Having to go through my bank to cancel due to shady companies and shady practices. Still never received my products.
bueno
Easy to order, many paymants options, The product same as display
shipping cost are high but I understand
Service doesn't really protect the buyer and the process favor the seller and their actions on things.
I chose 8 because it depends on whether someone needs to use Alibaba or not.
no
I have not used it, every packaged has arrived so far
I had a package ordered in April that has not been delivered and I paid extra for Trade Assurance Service and they stole my money anyway.
I will recommend, It is a great service!
lo recomiendo por ser confiable
I have experienced great sellers on Alibaba and Aliexpress
good service
muy recomendable
it is good to use alibaba
Trade assurance service is probably one of the best things that has been created. I would recommend because it helps if there are any issues.
Shipping is sooooo expensive
THINGS we all would like to see IMPROVEMENTS on would be:#1 .    Shipping is expensive#2 .    Packages take a long time to get to the destination#3 .     It is hard to track some packages#4 .     Some ads show better product than the actual product shipped
It's easy to do
Seguridad que le dan a los clientes para saber que su pedido llegara y si no es asi podran recibir su dinero de regreso
excelente informacion y rapidad respuestas por parte de los proveedores
It's safe
I would recommend you
the thing that is not clear because alibaba on the order page says one thing and does another, 30 days had passed and they put "order completed" when it says 60 days for ground shipments ... very confusing!Order complete1. This order is complete. If you did not confirm receipt, this is because orders are automatically displayed as 'complete' . Here are the automatic receipt confirmation rules: 15 days after shipment of the express, 30 days after shipment of air cargo, 60 days after shipment of land transportation, 60 days after shipment of sea freight，60 days after shipment of post air parcel if no delivered information is get from the tracking system; and 30 days after shipping if no shipping method is get from the contract.2. Please write a review to explain how you feel about this order within 30 days after order complete.
excellent service
It is not clear that if parts are damaged during shipping one has to apply for refund before clicking the button to acknowledge that the shipment has arrived. Therefore the supplier’s Assurance Amount will be unfrozen even if the items are damaged and one wants to apply for a refund.
I have not received any of my items
The safety aspect is reassuring.
Not all of the manufacturer's respond to messages.
I made payment on 3rd July.Seller only ship my order on 22nd July.Shipment suppose by Air Express 10 days Max, but already pass a month.Requested a refund.Dispute always in seller favor. Disspointed
I would because I have been the victim of fraud outside of alibaba and have never been defrauded through trade assurance
It?s a good service !
Transportation costs were hidden by the supplier, Trade assurance did not help to solve this out
VERY PROFESSIONAL SERVICE ESPECIALLY THE TRADE ASSURANCE SERVICEI FEEL SECUREDHIGHLY RECOMMENDED
bom
no customer/buyer support
Trade Assurance does not work correctlyI currently have a shipment which is using a tracking number from TNT which has been recycled.Because of this my trade assurance order is marked as complete when the shipment was not even picked up therefore my shipment is not covered against any faults loss or damage
-
Alibaba facilitated the suppliers searching and assurance the transactions with them.
I RECOMMEND
The representatives are more concerned about making a sale rather than supporting customers needs. Makes them impatient.  MOQs are too high. With a starting business, 500-1000MOQ is high for customization.
It is trustable
It is highly recommended, Its the insurance every buyer needs.
it protects the buyers and the sellers
cause you did not resolve our problem with bad goods with supplier.
its safe ur money
quick answer, reliable provider and very good price
very nice
So far, I have been scammed out of a $1000 order (my first alibaba order) and they are trying their hardest not to help me.  I am on my third refund request for the same order....
Trade Assurance Service is good and secure
great i will recommend
Prices and selection are good.The site it self is a bit chaotic for new users and you have to search your product carefully.
More explanation of CIF Shipping needs to be on the website. CIF is a rip off with the agents charging lots of made up costs at the port of entry. Alibaba should make sure that this is explained on their website and encourage FOB shipping.
Trade assurance protects your products in the event that your products get damaged, lost or stolen.
i just got rob on your site
I saw you as a quality company, and I always liked alibaba, until I received a container with spoiled baby car seats, it was the first time that I opened a dispute in trade assurance, and the person from alibaba who is in charge I don't even want to know about the videos I sent you and the false documents I sent you. This Miss Judy lady is either incompetent or has orders to never give the client a reason for trade assurance. It's an authentic shame.It seems to me that having trade assurance or not the result is always in favor of Chinese factories, I have already realized that. When a factory sends me car seats for babies with defects, and with false documents and I showing the evidence all Miss Judy's incompetent does nothing, it is because something strange is happening. It is a trading assurance just to imply that they have the seller's security. What is not true.
if someone asked i would absolutely recommend but it doesn't come up all that often
I feel it usefully
It's good to have the assurance for back up
CC payments sometimes works and doesn't. Don't know were is the fault.
easy for business
I believe Alibaba
sometimes message section tend to hand and need to refresh so many times
Secure service.
great and secure place to seek suppliers.
It is safer for both ends of the business transaction
As I import goods to sell in my market
I do have peace of mind that my money is safe. Trusted sellers are very professional with good communication
with trade assurance we can buy very sures and until moment i havent have problem with any seller .
Because many of these vendors say they'll take a deposit to start your order but they don't. You have to pay for everything up front and that's a little unfair.
did not request this from this vender
Because it guarantees the order and gives a money back guarantee if anything goes wrong.
they couldn't help me retrieve my money from a seller.
good service and punctuality above all purchase guarantee
Seems that Alibaba has taken all the steps necessary to keep buyers and sellers aware of every transaction detail in truthful and secure manner. Excellent service.
because it is a very friendly application and so far I have only had good experiences
A package wasnt able to get to my country because of a permit that the suplier claimed to have , the package was rteturned to china , and i never got my money back
no venden todos los productos que publican
It doesn't work for all Countries.
The payment process is easy.
I will recommend trade assurance service because I have tried and even got a refund upon request
Fast accurate service
It's a fair market with protection in every purchase
ITS BEEN GREAT PLESURE SHOPPING
I would because of good deals and better service. They also do there best to protect customer loss.
there is no confirmation the communications are monitored and assurance this is a actual service for the fee.
they delivered my order
It is a simple and safer service to close deals
The order was closed and marked as received without receiving it.
You need to improve customer service. I have been waiting for an official invoice of our order for over 2 weeks and I keep getting emails telling me request has been submitted, to be patient. An invoice is not a difficult request, we placed the order in may! I dont understand how you cant give us an invoice to show exactly how much we paid.
NA
Very easy to place orders and communicate with sellers.
to protect your order
To be secure
Did not receive correct refund amount. Alibaba does not protect buyer.
I wou show that customer service comes first and becuase
I had a supplier trying to increase the cost quotation by 5% for using Trade Assurance. This should not be allowed. I did not do business with them.
Safe communication and purchase.
The service was good but the product is not.
I haven't seen it work in my favor.  I have orders that haven't shipped, yet I paid for.  I have placed orders and was told will ship right after payment only to have them wait 2 weeks or longer.  The buyer is at a major disadvantage.  The seller has little incentive to follow through on agreements.  I've had an order that took months to get to me.  Trade Assurance assumed it was delivered even though there was still a complaint from me that it hadn't arrived.  I was written off, I should have complained much sooner.  Even when all their documents say to try and work it out with the seller.
Sold me damaged products
It works great
I would recommend because the site has lots of option from different suppliers and products where you and compare pricing, shipping, quantities that work for your business.
Never have a problem. And when some incorrect or wrong goods came, the suppliers responded very well.
The package arrived in 10 day, as you said it would. It arrived well, without problems and the products are of very good quality
I have reached out to the supplier about a refund for a screen that doesn't work sent video also and no response this isn't acceptable I have to get customers computers repaired in a timely fashion and not responding to get a new one or refund isn't good customer service.
Not user-friendly, no detailed instructions. Very poor language skills of the moderators. Although delivery not received, Trade Assurance Protection already terminated. The system changes languages from Spanish to Chinese to English and Japanese.
I felt comfortable shopping on the website knowing I had an extra layer of protection.
It provided protection for the buyer
Safety
I love the quality and price of the products I received.
Alibaba provide a secure platform to do business directly with manufacturers, so we can deal and specify all the details we need. Then the transaction is closed only when we receive the products, and the insurance can protect against any damage or is a product is lost.
Have not had an opportunity to use it to see how well it works.
It is a safer way to make payments and not be worried about fraud.
guarantee and secure purchases
Easy ordering, safe for my money, good time delivery
1) First of all, I cannot easily contact company representatives on alibaba.2) Company representatives either do not return to the questions I ask in time or they write an informal answer.3) The product prices on the site do not reflect the truth. When I write on the message screen, there is a gap between the prices offered and the prices of the product on the request. I feel deceived.4) I would like to negotiate with the sellers over the price I have seen. As it stands, prices are deceiving. There is a huge difference between the price they declare and the price they offer in correspondence.5) Customer service is not as active as Ali Express.
I would recommend it.
Creates a safer purchase environment
So far I have not run into any issues with it and the products I have received are high quality
Is good the safety on the trade, but the process is a bit slow.
The website is too hard to use on a phone
high quality and efficiency.
I would highly recommend and I think the quality of the clothing is great and the delivery was ontime.
?ltimamente los proveedores de Alibaba están cargando los pagos que realizan ellos a Alibaba al Cliente.
I am still new to the application and am waiting to receive all of my products. Once I have them all in hand my rating may change.
Secure, good price, fast service
I think the service is really good.  I like to know that you have seen the factory and checked the company for us.  I love Love the Domestic wire transfer facility to pay.
Customer support is slow
trust worthy
easy to use website
because you dont have service. i paid for insuarence and received disaster. they dont see facts, they protect seller to sell gabage.
I have yet to receive my order, therefore I can not recommend to any one else.
Too many problems - payment was very difficult until I realized it would only work if I used Chrome.
First off, on my browser (Brave) the messenger doesn't work very well, needing me to refresh it manually all the time. It should do this automatically.
because you have the security that if something happens with your purchase. they give you your money back.
problème of refund ! is very hard to refund
I had problem but you didn?t understand
I would
Search function returns invalid items
It's a great place to source packaging and most sellers are very good to deal with. But some sellers are quite tricky and put small price and small MOQ but when you start ordering they will change the price to a higher one and say that they forgot to update their Alibaba Page - but they still won't change the price to correct it.
? used this system the company delayed 4 months to delivery and my business went down
ok
i am very disappointed by the quality of carrom game we received we received many comaplints from buyers due to paint sell and scratch on the wood in which we got the game returned. This affected our reputation and we require a compensation!
I have had neither positive or negative experience
High MOQ's not suitable for small businesses
easy to find and communicate with suppliers
I would recommend Alibaba....but I would make it known that there are some companies who do not understand trademarks.
Expensive
You finalize the order before my approval!!!
ok
No reason to go with trade assurance service
I am very satisfied with my purchases.But with other sellers I am disappointed, you look at the item he has on sale and ask him. Her answer is: the price is not adequate, it is changed ...Others do not answerBut I am satisfied with the orders that I have made to two different sellers.I would buy more but if they don't answer me, or cheat ... I don't buyAnd I don't like the shipping method.I buy small things to other places outside of Spain, through postal office and in seven days I have it, I only pay shipping costs.In Ali Baba I pay shipping costs plus customs plus DHL.14003 Cordoba Espa?a
trade insurance the best because it help the tow sides
very safe
the product doesn't meet what we agreed with the supplier and they screw up.
Alibaba it is a best service
The most recent item bought that said delivered, did not arrive
Do not know what Trade Assurance is.
only that it takes a lot of time to get the delivery and sometime is missing a product o little mistakes, but the quality and de service is good.
It protects both the buyer and seller
I don't understand why I can't make payments, he always rejects my payments
Because the process is very one sided Alibaba always sides with the vendor
ITS OK
I feel safe by Trade Assurance Service. It makes me respectable seller and alibaba.Thank you
i have a concern i would like to voice.  a person on alibaba tried to sell me products that they did not own. they took pictures of another persons property and tried to sell it to me.  i tried to complain about this man on alibaba. when i did alibaba wanted to know order numbers and transaction information.i had nothing like that to show alibaba.  so i could not complain about this man. he was a con man. and very dishonest.   how can i complain if someone is trying to cheat me.
varied products of good value
no
ease of operation
very nice experience so far
facilitates the acquisition of new suppliers easily and quickly
I like that you can be secure in knowing that you are not beeing ripped off.
Is very good to have Alibaba Trade Assurance Service!
i have refund request currently due to low quality, defective, and not as described/promised item, no decision yet so i never experience how fair for me alibaba trade assurance. in the past i have same concern but supplier agreed for refund so no alibaba trade assurance decision experience. i really hope i am protected against supplier who do not meet product quality as they promised.
good
I've never had any problems ordering merchandise. Everything comes on time, in perfect condition, just as I was promised. I highly recommend Alibaba.
I see that there's a trade assurance service, but I don't know what it does exactly or how to use it. And I've purchased something that didn't come out the way I wanted, but I ate the cost because it didn't seem easy to make a claim.
Safe and worry free transaction.
Because is easy to make business, and money is safe when you pay using Alibaba
bad information
Very good qulity and service.
#NAME?
Gives piece of mind that the product will actually be sent and there is a vested interest by the seller to provide good service  to clear your funds
I have nothing against it
I clearly didn't get what I paid for and I received no help.
good quick service just want I wanted
You source quality and trustworthy vendors for my business.
I'd recommend because it makes you feel protected and assured.
OK
many suppliers of everything
Not used
N/A
There are a lot of issues with the world and China right now. Product and prices cost more due to these issues making them much less attractive and other options more attractive. I purchase much less from Alibaba and aliexpress until these issues have resolved due to my costs more than doubling in the last year.
.
Great service love the portection on purchases.
its a security
sufficient variety f vendors and products available
people willing to work with me
I recommend Trade Assurance Service because it keeps our investment safe.
You require some experience with this system to get confident and purchase through itDelivery options not clear and no so many, specially to America
For the business guarantee they offer and verified suppliers is very good
SO YOUR MOEY DOSENT GET STOLEN
You have fraud Sellers on here targeting me.I will make initial reports to Visa Credit Card company.
With out your service there is few deceiving supplier so it is very good protection .so I am very happy you are looking after the customer.
It is reliable and always on time if not maybe even earlier than expected.
trade assurance gives me confidence with new suppliers
some suppliers show products but have no purchase/sale records  yet show gold lister most of them are in lsv and atv. Just couldn't understand do to the large amounts they want for items..
Very Detailed Website with some great sellers!
no
It does not seem as reliable as Pay Pal.
When we have a dispute, it takes forever for AliBaba to resolve issues.
Everything so far has been easy and smooth..
Take down the Ads for 3d Pens this is ridiculous and very disrespectful to the United States User base.
i like it
It is extremely difficult to get your money back. Based on our experience, we would let people know that TA is not what it seems to be, and money spent is not protected
Sellers are very responsive and honest about doing business with them.
Amazing service and fast
Prompt service that is easy to use.
Buying from a different country always will mean RISK, but with Trade Assurance Service we have a backup plan in worst case scenario. So we are more confident on purchasing instead of afraid.
none
I recommend it, because there is a large selection and convenient search, protection of transactions.
perfect
I feel safe when purchasing items that my purchases have recourse should there be any issues.
ease of use
is fine
Money security
Good suppliers
according to the number of orders
no reason.
It is good to have protection and help in case of fraud
The shipping company and method used is unclear.
the sellers have too much leverage in the negotiations
The platform is secured and seamless
that in most of the case will protect you from the negligent supplier
It's secure what you have purchased
Alibaba only want suppliers, dont want to know about the buyers, protect suppliers thant sell garbage, hidding on the contract, when we buy are thing we dont ask because they must have.
Alibaba I believe is bias towards seller and buyer has no rights
there are participating suppliers that is not following published shipping rates. shipping fee is much higher thatn the cost of the item itself. shipping should be standardized across all suppliers since they are all being service by  a few courier service.
I WOULD BECAUSE IT WAS VERY FAST, RELIABLE AND REASONABLE.
Excellent service
seller is not reply me
I had an issue with an order where the supplier canceled it after I had made payment via Wire Transfer but before the money showed up and the support was frustrating, unhelpful, and completely unreasonable.  I was told incorrect information, I was given incorrect directions on how to resolve it, and ultimately it was only for the fact I agreed a different solution with the supplier that my money wasn't completely lost.My experience means that I will only use Alibaba if I have absolutely no other choice.
It is easy, reassuring & convenient. I have no qualms with the Trade Assurance Service at all.
i would recommend it and prefer that all do it even Lazada
Great service
place an order and the vendor didnt have everything i needed so i asked for refund it took a month then she sent it through pal pal and they have it in hold because she put she was ordering from me instead of just putting refund .she has to verify recieipt through pal pal and its still not done so i havent recived my money back yet
states 5 working days for a response but takes longer. Evidence already submitted in the original submittance but ask for it again, slowing the whole process down.
Because I dont know the seller personally!
It should be optional
its a good option
protect purchase order
It's unclear what evidence you need to collect to get your money back as buyer.
yes there is no way to talk to a live tradfe asurtence person i have had 3 fulse qadvertising probelems that keep sc5ewwing me and my new bizzzz. You let the scooter selllers advertisise for instance 1min. but when you pay threw t. a. like i did tyhey hit you up and say no we will not shipp it unless you get 5. thats bull shity!!!! or they have 5000W and only 2 . you guys do nothing about it. and waists my time and money and my product i have yet to rtecive on anything.
because its secure your deal with supplier
Safety and vetting of companies is not thorough enough
Put in an order 26/04/2020 cost $102.80 goods were faulted put in complaint and before it was finalised the company agreed to replace faulted items if I put in an other order which I did and payed $130. THIS ORDER WAS NOT SHIPPED so I complained and asked for a refund which was $232.80. After the long process I was promised a refund of $130 Not $232.80 which I have not recieved yet this is money out of my business since 26/04/2020.
weak proforma made by supplier very often
You required all the details to prove the authenticity of communication and for that we have to chat through Alibaba messenger, but your messenger is not convenient neither it has any separate application, so we have to use we-chat or whats app for the same.
you don't give long enough for customers to reply
Accuracy and safe way of doing bussines.
I think Chinese businessmen are very good, and very responsible, warm, I am very satisfied
Nothing went wrong.  Communications were good.
none
the interface is messy and distracting and leads to get the feeling of insecurity
I didn't even get package, it says delivered and it wasn't. aside from the fact I ordered this almost 2 months back
Good Service
A refund has been approved but I have never received a refund.
It?s easy, and you reach companies quick
na
Falta poder ingresar la dirección de envió posteriormente a la orden
Trade Assurance make me feel safe in buying the product.
I recommend every one to use Alibaba
The Trade Assurance service is the best way to complete my bussiness with trust
Typically quick response time with quality products.
Relief for trading.So we believe in trading.
An excellent service
Not really impressed still working on trying to see if it is going to be a useful platform for me
instructions must be more clear and understand customer needs abroad
Because everything is fine so far
Several time I bought from alibaba com bad product. each time when I wont to complain some error appears  in  transfering messages , communication is bad.
I would strongly recommend because it is absolutely secure way of transection.
Great products!
It puts you into contact with companies that you would not normally have access to.
I have not had problems with trade assurance. I actually feel safe with it in place.
YOUR RESPONESE TO COMALAIS ARE NOT AS EXPECTED AND SUPPLIERS ARE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THIS
this service is very expensive
Very efficient and good communication channels
the products are what they look like and the vendors communicate
ffgbgbrghn h ,j h,kljh gnbfvcsdvgfhjn,ku;l:miljkhgn bfvdc
Until now, I did not have any problem
IT NEED IMPROVEMENTS RELATED HOW EASY TO USE OR MORE TOOLS
ok
it is safety and convenient
Trade assurance gives you peace of mind for any transaction. It is always recommended to go with trade assurance.
Order done
There is no regulation for the trade assurance. Some of my suppliers listed the item as shipped before the order was even completed and then the order was marked as received in good condition as there was no notification on my end as to the end date approaching. Seems to be more of a marketing scheme then actual trade assurance.
good product
Great service
I didn't know the contract allowed the manufacturer almost a month for my goods to come. This isnt good business for me and they are not responding since my payment and I want my money back but there is nothig i can do yet. Also another order i am not happy with items and i have to go through the same person who i paid.
Gives you confidence to order if worried won't ever arrive.
Good reliable easy to use service
I've had wonderful customer service and timely communication for every order
Alibaba not only caters for big business owners but for small owners. I like the option to buy samples as it gives me early access to trending products for insight, planning, and marketing. Shipping is very fast and I like that.
Biased towards seller. My order was different than my samples but alibaba decided not to refund me.
You put trade assurance which should give you support from items that are not as described or with manufacturing defects and it does not do that.  It is worthless to trade through Alibaba if you do not back your buyers. I clearly had a legitimate problem and you sided with your supplier.  My guess is that is Alibabas deal. I plan to find other places to buy.
Feel very secure doing business with Trade Assurance
My supplier was extremely fast and I exceeded my expectations!
i recomend alibaba on international trate, my bussinees is grow up step by step
it didn't work when I was scammed out of thousands of dollars
Easy to navigate,can find everything affordable here
Because we can order knowing that if we have any problem you can help us and that our money is secured.
It gives me the guarantee of a trouble-free scam investment
Alibaba allows vendors to not list accurate information and when you receive a product that is not to standard they don't force the vendor to make it right!The dispute process is entirely too long!
Reliable and professional suppliers
The quality and outcome has been pleasing thus far!
Hi, I'm fre
I proved that the supplier was to blame for a customs retention and yet alibaba did not accept the refund and made me pay for that problem
i checked on my tracking number and it says it has been void i have no received my purchase
Hhhh
Too early to decide, everything is always fine as long as we don't have trouble.
Main issue, charging for using my card for payments, no other sites do this i dont see why you do
representing only China's side
Insurance resolution was not performed by someone able to understand chemistry. Which was the core issue.
Makes doing business very easy.
The trade assurance is a joke, i got ripped off of 240 usd and i am out of the product and money and my time
Trade Assurance is very bias and towards the vednor side.  The promotion of Trade Assurance on your website states that if shipment is delayed there will be a refund.   There is no notion that states otherwise.   The Vendor has the option to make changes on thier side for extension of contract.  It was just a big mess and I dont feel that Trade Assurance did everything possible to shift responsbility onto the vendor.
Its almost one month since I ordered my mobile phones and still not received them :(
I would recommend if you deal with beginner suppliers , for already verified suppliers there is no need to make trade assurance services
Your plaform is less than user frienly and very buggy with it comes to RFQ
I recommend it since it is versatile, very easy and excellent
Price and Good response
shipping is way too long
It makes me feel secure in making my purchases. I love the platform.
Cassie from Highspan was very professional and very helpful. She did her best to understand my needs and work along with me to fulfill my request
There is not enough clarity on when trade assurance covers a late delivery
Because, the supplier sent me a product that I did not buy and even so the Alibaba team supported the supplier in the dispute and they did not want to refund me.
I would recommendbecause we can have trust each other
I've never had any issues with this service.
Yes
Good Response
trade insurance didnt work .
I feel secure and protected using trade assurance services for my orders, especially with new suppliers.
We have had really great experiences so far.
Products werent what i order
Recommend because it can be trusted.
Not becouse of the shipping cost!Yes becouse of the product cost!
I have had experience with some unscrupulous ex-employee who posed like he was still with the hair company and almost defrauded me. Currently, I am having to beg a supplier for details of freight forwarder he used for items ordered from him. Items are already in Nigeria but I am sending emails to someone in China because he has refused providing details of the forwarder whose office is in Nigeria. Such occurrences are frustrating so I will be upfront with anyone I refer Alibaba services to be careful
You're offering great protection service for the deal!
Safe payment, escrow service, easy to find suppliers
the seller made a mistake and even if i give you all the evidence that he did it i didn't get nothing
Assurance of the safety of my money in case of any eventualities during sourcing of products.
great service
It's safe
very easy
fast and convenient. The only thing I don't like is that new windows are opened every time.
It's easy and safety
Sellers are friendly and helpfull.
seller is setting shipping as they like..
I would recommend it.
It's not about Trade Assurance Service, but about buing on Alibaba - directy shipping is expencive, through the forwarder - too long delivery. I suppose, it may make difficult to protect our payment from bad-quality purchases. For that time all purchases was good-quality.
Everything with the program encourages confidence in making deals
Security of business
I would recommend to other's but I would suggest that it is very difficult to deal with goods received issues because of time differences and online communications can be delayed.Full refund no partial option.
everything is fare and tranparent.
.
At this shop best quality and lowesr prices!
ok
Simple and straight forward to use.
its very easy to use
its easy and very clear
Trustworthy
The chines is cheater, no ethic and moral. Poor standard
あ
simply
Vendor list low price to get order and then claims that the prices are wrong and requires 50% more to get your shipment
N/A
Excel Service
I have peace in mind with TAS
It makes working with suppliers in China safe and easy
N/A
I will recommend you
Отличный продавец. Товар отменный
If Buyer go through trade assurance service then it will be saved because if manufactured co doesn't making the goods as per agreement /sample then buyer will raise a complaint through Alibaba.1.The Alibaba team should be be physical monitoring twice /thrice a year.2. The Alibaba team should be take full information from the suppliers regarding product quality,      export valid certificate,BSCI, FDA documents.
it is more safe and save the trade transperancy
It makes you feel safe and at ease.
No
I have had a SERIOUSLY FRUSTRATING experience with Trade Assurance once: I did an order, and due to COVID, it took like **35 days** just to ship, then 30 days to arrive, for a total of 65 days. It then arrived and was **the wrong item entirely!** But, trade assurance expired since it was 30 days past the "estimated arrival date", so THERE WAS NOTHING I COULD DO! I could not open a claim. It was very frustrating. Please don't do that: don't block me from opening a claim. I eventually got it resolved but it was really frustrating and made me fearful of your service. What if that had happened on my $1000 order instead of my $70 order!?
there are many options go do business
The variety and the quick response from the operators MOST of the time.
Is a safety site, easy to handle
It works well
will recomend
Snow, as a representative of a company I was dealing with was amazing, followed up quickly, provided all details requested, super kind and very helpful. Thank you Snow!
easy to use
It’s essential for confidence in purchasing. And we MUST have an alternative to Amazon!
la recomendaria. es buena
Very intuitive platform. Easy to use. Large listing of manufactures to choose from.
Cheap goods good price fair sellers
Suppliers are not making the shipment. They send number of non-existent follow-ups! There is no guarantee that the shipment will reach its destination. I am losing confidence in Alibaba.
few days ago i had an issue with the seller, they said we will deliver in 7 to 9 days and they took over 20 days by express service to deliver to my door step in the Uk..i open the case and ali baba turned around and said oh they had shipped it but it was express company fault.who so ever fault it was i did not get my product on time and for that i did not get refund or compensation...whats the point of have trade assurance then? its rubbish i am sorry
I've only used Trade Assurance on samples so far.  I am going to make a large purchase soon.  If all goes well then I would rate higher.
Fast Response and good service
very hard to process disputes and system id biased to manufacturer.
The feedback is necessary and satisfactory
I would recommend because it secures your money and makes sure you get what you paid for as well as protected you from fraud
I havent received my Order as yet since June. And I am also not being provided a proper tracking number to track the cargo. Trade Assurance keeps telling me to contact Supplier but Supplier does not respond promptly.
Safe
Trade Assurance made sure i could feel comfortable i was not going to lose money to a scammer.
I feel safe and secure with Trade assurance
very difficult to get money back for bad transaction
I often never receive what I ordered or what I got was not what I was supposed to get.
i would
i was well served till now, all my orderes was as expected
Trustworthy and security are very important when dealing with these kind of transactions.
No
Very friendly and they respond quickly
trade assurance gives some form of surety  when dealing with people you haven't met before . it acts as a safety net incase something wrong happens.
Ive only made two orders but the first went smoothly.  If the second does I would be very happy to continue to order.
Impossible to have support . No customer service. unlike e Bay or Amazon.
Great service
Few times i write down for help. No one respond
piece of mind
it works...........................................................
Peace of mind.
High fees
I would recommend it to people it's Awesome
Reliable service.
Order auto complete without receive confirmation form buyer. Please check before complete the transaction.
It's a good platform to get in touch with overseas suppliers. It's very helpful.
because the dispute team is working whit the supplier and the supplier can speak whit the alibaba on the telephone . but we can not do that .
I didnt receive anything but on the site it is showing order is complete. What does this mean?
Fast reply most vendors are honest and reliable, when I was overcharged shipping it was corrected by vendor immediately
It makes it easy and safe to order from China.
I feel safe and secure using this tool.
Is safe to buy ..... don't have to worry about any problem
It’s great insurance for any problem
All of them They keep changing and changing the prices . They have very sneaky ways by closing the deal. You need to look into control them when it comes to the prices. Sample price is very high and .
I see nothing wrong with website it is perfect
yes very easy
Due to the different goods available
I have a return request with my order and until now i have no answer.
It is difficult to understand how to enter an order.
They are reliable and professional.
it makes business transactions safer.
Because I made a purchase on July 14th. and to date I have not received the products
I am still learning
I wouldn't because I don;t want everybody else in my town ordering the same items as me.
All Ok.
Your exchange rate was not competitive to the current market
There are quite a number of things about Trade Assurance which I dont understand and there is no email or phone support that I can find in the website
Trade assurance is necessary. I would not make an order without it.
Gives buyers some assurance as the name suggests!
I would definitely recommend. Even after Trade Assurance Service has expired, I can still submit a dispute and escalate to Trade Assurance Service if needed.
Verified suppliers and fast shipping
no
I recommand because it add a security when we order. Its very good
Nothing
Hice un pedido y nunca me llegó, pedí la devolución del dinero y fue negado por trade assurance
Payment was released approximately after 2 weeks - that's 1 week before I actually got the product. It's useless with this terms.
I never got my order. I don’t know if I clicked something on my phone. But it says it arrived but I haven’t got nothing.
All good
As a new business owner with a start up company the vendors I've been working with so far have been pretty responsive.
I would recommend it because it gives a sense of safety.
Good service
I don't know what Trade Assurance Service means but the product I received was defective
ease and security
im not sure what Trade Assurance Service
getting good is easier
I would recommend for the safety offered
ALL THE SUPPLIERS ADVERTISE PRICES THA NEVER ACCEPT WHEN ONE WANTS TO ORDER, THE PRICES INFORMATION IS FALSE, THE SAME HAPPEN WHIT DELIVER TIME. FOR EXAMPLE THE SHAMPOO PUMPS AND SPRAYER THE END PRICES ARE FROM 2 TO 3 TIMES HIGH THANT THE ADVERTISE PRICES.IN OHER WORDS ALIBABA ADVERTISE FREAK PRICES
They do well to vet the sellers on here. I felt secure to place my orders.
no todos cumplen con los plazos de envio y la garantia se cancela o la recepcion de los envios se acepta automaticamente apenas se cumplen los plazos.not all meet the delivery deadlines and the guarantee is canceled or the reception of the shipments is accepted automatically, only the deadlines are met.en relacion con las disputas... no estan mal! pero al momento de reembolsar el monto pagado, no incluyen lo que uno gasto en envio, aun sabiendo que el paquete no se fue entregado a su destino; y se le suma el cambio actual del dolar.in relation to disputes ... not bad! But at the time of reimbursing the amount paid, they do not include what one spent on shipping, even knowing that the package was not delivered to its destination.
Large marketplace with knowledgeable people, good prices and courteous workers
I did not select that response.
fasst
secure and reliable
because i feel safe when buying from Alibaba
I recommend because you can pretty mush find anything you need. The only thing I have an issue with is that some vendors do not ship the product out as quickly as others.
Suppliers are verified by alibaba. They deal with buyers very nicely.
Like to know I'm covered if something goes wrong. Someone has my back to ensure i taken care of.
yes
Low risk and high security of the transaction protecting the buyer
Yes, is safe
best for us
I have NOT received the goods and I have received a note from Alibaba site on order cancellation . I HAVE LOST MY PAYMENT OF USD 31.00 as no refund has being made.
Good place to find product and trad assurance offers peace of mind.
the attention provided by my provider was very good
great communication
its convenient
Works well and easy to use
I think it is very important to have a guarantee from a recognized company like Alibaba.
For now, we are happy with our purchase through Alibaba and quality of product has been Good. We have had no dispute till now but hoping that trade assurance from Alibaba will be effective in resolving any issues which may arise. Thanks
Great service
The process flowed through very well and it was easy to understand. You also get the assurance that you are unlikely to be defrauded.
The process was so fast and with all details.
nose que poner
I would recommend since it gives sense of security
I like it.
Very reliable.
it is okay, and good for buyers
Good supplier and connection
Recommending to those who wanted to start sourcing products -ecommerce.
shipping cost too expensive
im not satisfied
I would recommnd Trade Assurance Service, because not all the providers are honest
Customer satisfaction
I would because i am extremely satisfied with the service.
good to know if things dont work out someone is avialble to assist to resolve
ok
For peace of mind.
Recommend  ...  Godd working platform
muy buena pagina y buenos productos
The information provided by the providers is excellent. The platform helps effective communication
Muito bem atendido e muito seguro.
my order # 41708743001024418 was delivered; i wrote to the seller that the quality of the product, i.e, cases for compact flash cards; are low quality and that majority of cases cannot be even clipped properly and I have to throw them; at least 20% were useless cases (besides that all cases are not of good quality, ie, not strong but thin). In spite of my writing to the seller, the response was: no its as good as last time. This of course is not true. I tried to find where I can inform Alibaba about this, but unfortunately your website is difficult and I did not find any place where I can inform Alibaba. Your website needs to be friendly. Go and look my message to the seller and you will find that I had complained about this in time. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Easy to Navigate and find Suppliers
very unfair stuff that supporting only suppliers
NA
Would recommend because of financial and transaction safety
I would recomend Trade Assuance Service because it gives buyers confidence in purchasing from these suppliers.
por la variedad de productos
because in general it is good the service
super site
The new audit feature need 2 days. It seems very slow process to me
I will always recommend Trade Assurance Service - there are to mane fake suppliers on Alibaba.
I still do not master it very well
Pleasant, professional assistance through the entire process.
Recommend this
Excellent service
Seeing it's our first order I have no opinions
The trade assurance is so efficient and safe.
Easy to use, no hassle.
It is the first time that I use this platform and everything went well for me to start.
alibaba trade security kept blocking my payment.
Transactions are completed without a problem and the sellers are very cooperative.
Peace of mind, reliability, and constant updates. It is a great service and all sellers should aspire to have Trade Assurance.
It is a very good service and I recommend it!
This has been
Well done
good response but some suppliers took time to respond,as we can not just pay before talking to the supplier
my product isn't here
communication with supplier at times is difficult, translation is difficult at times.
nil
peace of mind
poor service , unprofessional service
I will be recommend Trade Assurance Service.
It is a great service but should be cheaper, meybe you could implement an scale where when youhave more tranactions done the cost is lower like a bank credit score.
Make buying easy
It seems to be important to have such a service
I did not receive the goods and you close the trade.I did not check the quality of the products not yet.Why do you close the trade?
I need warrantee
I would recommend Trade Assurance service because in its effectiveness in ensuring customer money safety before releasing it.
It's great to know that the supplier has trade assurance service.  We have trust in that supplier.
very good quality and very helpful
I believe its not good when you have a verified status and place orders with Alibaba.com and always pay on time. And then your verified status is removed. I think this is very strange.Also I think the creditcard fee is to high. And also because we pay 2 fees.1. for Alibaba doesn't matter which currency we use.2. For the Creditcard company which charges for the conversion fee to another currency.
it is a good business platform
I was unhappy with the quality of items received and do not feel that the decision made was incorrect.
it helps feel that the transaction is legit.
no comment, just use it  to buy goods am satisfied with
Great products and service
Ive been really happy with the communications with about a dozen people and the samples have been really good .
I did not receive some goods and  do not seem to have a way of getting a refund.
lp me pVery good. I like trade assurance service. Please help me best price
Did not have the chance to use it
Sometimes it is very difficult to negotiate with chinese companies. For non proffessionals almost impossible to get the right quality. trade assurance is just for the goods, not for the losses one makes if products are not ok...
Not enough information requested from customers resulting is disappointment. Quality very poor.
is so easy buy here
Trade assurance service process takes too long even if seller lied.
Because i dont receive de products, i have problems whit customs and the seller say to me they would help me but i dont receive help
great service
Until now I have not had problems with my purchases, but I need to use the APP for more time to see how I have more experience with purchases but at the moment everything is working well
it makes doing business with unknown people safe and assuring
It is easy to handle but they can continue to improve even more, perhaps have a greater control over phantom users or scam companies
I have no real experience with trade assurance to recommend
Trade secret
dependable.
We love the fact that we can buy from a company with little worry of being scammed.
It’s easy to understand.
it update you with any changes. ive read all the detail I like that I would be able to ask for a refund if anything goes wrong and also making sure my money is secure with my purchases.
I love the customer service
seems very re;iable
don't have online support. no one can not help to clear issue with supplier when they delay to send materials. supplier not update status of payment receive until they sent material out, such things help them to pull time and i can't refund money because, they accepted only 30% of payment in the system even i pay 100%
Because the way alibaba is doing the sales is very different to others platforms
Trust worthy and fast response
Money is always safe, I would recommend.
Easy payment method.Low fees
The website was very easy to use and maneuver through. I was able to get my desired products. Thank You!
I'm ne two using it so I don't know yet
I have a dispute that falls under trade assurance, the trade assurance agent  took 15 working days to answer instead of 5 and then said I needed to provide proof, which I already had, it is still ongoing. The agent seems dismissive and uninterested on the case.
good
N/A
Very Hard to get fast responses and look for custom products. Also to much of MOQ for smaller business who ate just starting. Shipping expensive
I was scammed
Eu acho que é porque eu n?o consigo acompanhar o rastreamento...
Trade Assurance only cares about suppliers and not buyers. The process is a joke. The agent handling my trade assurance issue barely spoke English and did not understand the circumstances of my claim which was clearly the fault of the supplier but I was not honored a refund. Really horrible. The supplier missed their deadline completely but Trade Assurance agent said it's not covered. How?
Alibaba close my sales contract before I received my green electric mini car pick-up from Mr. Alan Wang, at factory GONGY HONG SHENG MACHINERY EQUIPMENT, ltd. now I picked up freight on last Tues. 8/11/2020 and un-pack carton at my house only to find much damage to EV. the Top was crushed in from a heavy weight and the front of mini car was crushed in. I have notified Alan Wang today on 8/13/2020 as to much damage to mini car. I did purchase insurance from Alan Wang. please re-open my sales contract that was closed due to being over 60 days old. I do not understand how to make a claim  to insurance company. maybe Mr. Alan can help me, please e-mail me on what to do.
So far I've had very positive results.
I recommend it because if it offers you a guarantee
I like it cause its secure and safe.
I've had a great experience with alibaba until I did not. The most important thing about doing business on here is finding a good trader and company to work with. I learned very quickly that Alibaba was not on my side and there was no trade assurance after working with a company by the name of Red Boat Textile/representative Eran Huang. The goods were not up to standard/counterfiet and they rerounted the shipping I had scheduled without consulting with me. I was unable to sell the goods and continued to receive tiny shipments for an entire month after the goods were already a month delayed. There was absolutley no help from Alibaba and the supplier threatened me stating that I was on a black list which made no sense at all. Since then I decided to give a different trader a chance because my businesses was reliant upon alibab and they have been great.
Great Quality and packaging.  Love them!
It's easy, transparent, and quick
It feels secured
Fast Sender
professional team
some say they have trade Assurance then they try hard to make you not use it and if you say you will only use trade Assurance they will not reply
Fast shipping, great communication and the trade assurance policy, helped me feel like I could trust Alibaba
i dont have any idea for or against
Its beter have a protection in case the product is not the product you expect
I recommend Alibaba 100 everything I order was on time good quality good customer service.
It is a really good service and safe please to shop and save your money.
It will protection fro the buyers from failure to ship from the supplier.
So far in my experience is a little bit confusing when you see different suppliers with the identical pictures of the products but in the description is not always the specific product that you are looking  for.  But when you star the communication the service and the explanation of what you want is grate.That's why I would recommend Alibaba.
When it works, it works great. But I have also had suppliers ship bad products, at my expense, because there is no quality standard. And others sometimes extend the delivery window after I have already paid.
My order has been lost and go
Most supplies are very slow to reply
no
I would recommend because of piece of mind
feels more secure
I would recommend others.  My experience thus far with communicating with possible suppliers have been good as well my sample purchase from one possible supplier.
good service
Because for me ,the most important is that you can choose suppliers that alibaba gives guarantee about their job. And Alibaba verified with a third party about the infraestructure, for me thats the guarantee we need to select suppliers. And is perfect in Alibaba
For the moment, I have not experienced a similar service, and of exciting quality elsewhere.
Easy and fast
safety
This service helps me to keep my transactions secure and avoid being scammed.
is very helpful for people whom buy
They send the product without having the installation manual or how it works
It could be more easier. At the moment I find it a bit complicated.
All services are a hoax and scam
I would recommend but carriage can be expensive
perfekt
I would recommend because, The service is wonderful and the prices are amazing.
added piece of mind
I like Trade Assurance Service, because I feel that my funds are safe.
I don't know whats trade assurance does.But i think it provide more safety for your shipment.
Very quick and secure.
Easy to use. Simple service
The merchant shipped the wrong item which was damaged a partially lost. The shipper indicated that it was delivered and TA paid the merchant before they resolved the issue.
Rápida la entrega, me encanto el producto..
Most of the time i feel secure when buying but suppliers must answer better when we ask about compatibility of parts when asked
Costprice (%) should be little bit lower!
Seems good so far, interested to see how things progress further with our contacts and first orders.
Seem like a nice safety mechanism.  I have never used it but I am happy its there.
It's reassuring to know if there's a problem that there is a comeback. It keeps suppliers on their toes.
You are biased! Slow to respondYour support is not empowered to make any decisionsYou do not protect buyers from crooks!You keep the 3% credit card fees for transactions that were canceledThere is no way to get back the inspection money for inspections that were not done, and refused in writing by your inspectorsYOU ARE A PIECE OF SHIT COMPANY LIKE THE REST OF YOUR COUNTRY - FUCK YOU
Gives me comfort in supplier
Fast efficient and safe!
I would recommend it cause is sort of secure, I would like that everything would be completely assurance of all products.
It is a great way to talk to suppliers so in that regards its a good platform. however some to the pricing seems a bit high on transactions so I would not recommend it for a small business owner.
bad quality products. refund process too long
Lack of customer support
its more save to protect customer buyer.
I think I like trade assurance right now, I also think it have to be update more in future.
for the additional security reasons
Trade Assurance
Very Smooth
Good service, recommended.
I've got trash and I wasn't refunded enough.
good
Good all service
I would reccomend because of security,
Excelent service and very helpfully
N/A
Goods were delivered in good working condition and in time.
Security
I had not received the shipment.  I put the claim with the USPS.  Even seller said he would refund me, but said wait for alibaba's decision.  USPS got back to me saying the shipment was never sent.  I forwarded all this evidence to alibaba, but the judgement came back with 0 refund, because of not enough evidence.How much more evidence do you need?Getting through the non sense automated chat bot keeps wasting your time by going in circles and make it impossible to reach customer service person.  somehow when you do, they will tell you to wait for the results.after wasting hours and hours, they just take your money, no products shiped to you, and no one will take care of you.
security when paying
simple, quick and easy
I like to buy and have secure website,
Still, I need to see the performance on large order to judge the services. I have placed an order for samples only so far and checking the quality to decide about placing large order.
Very good and I havent been let down yet
Very easy to use and trustful.
I was disappointed by how my dispute was handled.
It is good, but fees are high
The transaction cost you charge is high, assuming I'm buying a product at USD48, total amount charged will be USD 55.. crazy
SHOPPING SHOULDNT BE SO HARD
Is not look alibaba will fulfield their promise since they dont have a  phone contact or a email to contact them only chat that is kind useless.
exchange rate could be better
I was cheated and have no recourse
I think chatbox is a little bit confusing.
delivery time
feels little safer
My order has not arrived yet even though it states shipment completed. No one to contact about my issue regarding the false arrival of my items
The price on the suppliers page is incorrect or provide false price and I feel like a waste of time dealing with the suppliers.  The suppliers keep telling me it is Alibaba that provide wrong information.  The suppliers has old pictures of their items that they are not selling.  I am confused.
Relations between China and US. I have no opinion either way but many folks do.
No reason why I would not recommend
Didn't help the buyer at all .
Trade assurance great but Log in always difficult
Very efficient
great nservices
Very professional and user friedly
It is safe, and more easy for buyers
peace of mind regarding purchase
I would recommend the service because my experiences with transactions on Alibaba is smooth and successful so far. However, I reserve my doubts since I have yet to meet with complications that Trade Assurance Service could help me resolve (in terms of dispute). However, order placements and fulfillments have been excellent so far. Payment wise was a little tricky as I had to send in appeals for card acceptance before making payments. And even so, it takes a few tries to process.
I would recommmend this because of excellent communication and fast shipping. Seller is very friendly.
great services
a lot of different vendors and everything you need for your business
Its easy and give you a security feeling
Problems with DHL.
My manufacturer really worked to make sure I received what I requested.
It gives the buyer a feeling of safety and comfort. Also enhances buying experience.
I prefer using Trade Assurance caused it will protect my payment
It is fast and trustable.
responsive
n/a
Will do business with Mrs Lena again She is extremely professional Philip N.
.
it safe and professional
Peace of mind
never received product
secure service.
Risk free
all is good
i would recommend them for the swift pace of doing business . but will also alert them of vendors who default transactions.
We have been very lenient with how long products have taken to be produced, but they have been way behind. Not sure how to get compensated anyway. We have yet to make a claim.
We have been very lenient with how long products have taken to be produced, but they have been way behind. Not sure how to get compensated anyway. We have yet to make a claim.
BECAUSE OF THE PRODUCTS AND THE RELIABILITY
no comprendo
.
alibaba has been blocking my payments with two different visa cards that I own.  They are legit credit cards and alibaba should not be blocking them.  I spoke with my two different banks where I am a premium customer and they tell me it is not them who are blocking the payment, but alibaba.  I am not interested in using any other payment because Credit Card payment is the only way that the transaction will go through immediately.  The other options will take more days to proceed and I need to make the payment TODAY, not tommorow.  The company that will import my products will send the ship to my country today, and if the products do not arrive, they will send the ship without my products.
Great and quick service.
I lost money
Had a great experience
I would recommend it because it protects me as a buyer to the supplier.
Genera mucha confianza y seguridad a los compradores.
I would recommend Trade Assurance service because it is easy to use, flexible and convenient. It is the best way to gain trust in Alibaba vendors and suppliers.
The refund system is very slow and complicated. only if a new credit was secured to make another purchase on the website would it be better than returning the amount to the bank. because what I want is the product
Could improve
easy secure
For my opinion is good, you can buy safe for you money and you product
Great service, good quality things, fast shipping.
Hello, I would not recommend because Trade Assurance Service does not provide customer support, I had a dispute due to problems of failed products and although I uploaded tests, photos and supplier recognized failures, alibaba NEGOTIATED my refund request, so I do not recommend Trade Assurance Service.hola, no recomendaría porque Trade Assurance Service no brinda apoyo al cliente, yo tuve una disputa por problemas de productos fallados y a pesar que subí pruebas, fotos y proveedor reconoció fallas, alibaba NEG? mi solicitud de reembolso, así que no recomiendo Trade Assurance Service.
Assurance issue is the best option
help support my transactions
Great product. Great price.
Trust with the supplier.
Confiabilidade
We placed an order 3 months ago. It was lost. The seller did nothing but tell us to keep waiting, Alibaba did nothing. There was a case open for months Alibaba did not provide updates or anything. There is no phone support and chat support said the same thing every day. Horrible experience on Alibaba. I don't usually complain but Alibaba was a very bad facilitator of trade.
Some provideers are not very carefully with the items.
We had a good experience buying throught this platform so I will recommend
I have not received the shipment
Very prompt and communicative. Delivered exactly as requested, great service!
It is guarantee for both sides. For buyer - goods will be delivered, and for seller payment will be done.
i recommend trade assurance service
I appreciate the comfort of knowing there is a third partner in the transaction, invested in helping both the buyer and seller find success.
Trade insurance is rest and peace
it is secure money
I'Ve payed my order on date 07/07/2020, and I recieve delivery confirmation on date 08/07/2020, that you send me by UPS delivery tracking nr. 1Z30YE206895407247. I've ask you about it  and even UPS and the answer has been that Alibaba doesen't sent my order. I've recieved an E mail from you asking me about my satisfaction with the product. BUT  the good shippement has not be completed, because UPS comfirm, minutes ago that you haven't made the shippement. The don't have any notice of that. So please, I have good reasons that your organization is very serious, buta probably, in these case something is wrong. Please send me an explanation as soon as possible, Thanks José A. Rodriguez, (patufep@telefonica.net). The Alibaba Trade Assurance Order nr. is: 44682710501021988. On monday august 3, they sent methe information that the shipement has been completed.
simplyis more shure
I had an issue with an order that trade assurance did not cover and the service was terrible.
Ease of use
No other than I have not had to use this
safe and secure.
i paid $1728 for a bookcase that never arrived and was lost by the shipper and the company doesnt want to give me a full refund and they want to give me a temporary refund. Whatever that means.
Very cooperative and good quality products. Responses are usually at all times.
Despite the fact that we presented irrefutable evidence that we had been deceived during the purchase, the employee dealing with the case recognized the seller's complete right not referring to what we wrote. As I wrote earlier in the application, the worst shopping experience in my entire life.
I WOULD.
do not protect any order
Broke contract. Did not receive correct product, was not reimbursed for my purchase.
-
No Comment
Safe and secured environment to work. Quick service.
muy comprometidos!
To ensure the product is correct and the quality is as high as it should be.
i Have disputed an order you have not reply to me
i do nt know
safe to transact
Fast and economic prices
great
Great serviceGood platform and conversion rates
I would recommend it because it guarantees that you will either get what you paid for and get it on time.
It enables very easy communication with supplier.
I would recommend it because it's been a pleasure so far. I feel protected by the trade assurance service. My hope is that in times of disputes or refund demands, it can come through too.
Buen servicio
not confident in trade assurance...if the customer is dissatisfied there should be a rebate/refund of some kind....based on the buyers history
It is a safe way to make international small trades.
good response good service
I recommend Trade Assurance because is a security service.
for being a very easy, safe platform to make purchases wholesale and retail
the red brown holder is very different from the pic the seller listed..I received the sample from other seller..it looks very different...I would like to return all red brown holder
The system puts automaticly the product as delivered , but did not yet saw any product or delivery . So the tradecassurance should not be given free without the delivery and confirmation from the customer( me) .
peace of mind and relax after payment.
fast and safe service
I felt confident knowing that my order is being monitored.
Greta service
I have not had any issues as of yet, but the feature is great to note, knowing that only a certain amount of protection is given to the buyer locally.
Protects the purchaser, and gives peace of mind when making transactions.
The process is really smooth.
they do not help at all only offer covid as an excuse time and time again i have been waiting months for a package to arrive totally unaaceptable and wont give refund when my seller has been lying and i have proof
I recommend the security in the purchase transaction until the products arrive at my business.
Easy connection to suppliers.  Fair pricing.
To expensive service
Some problems so far
thanks
It is very reliable
great service for now
So far So Good
Because We had bad experience from the DHL & most of your vendors, wont accept any other payment. We had to pay double our tax with dhl service.
I HAVE NOT GOTTEN MY ITEM YET
es una forma segura de comprar y mantener los pedidos rastreados
The shipping price usually is not what I was expecting. Sometimes it's twice the item's price and it's not worth it to order the item. Also, there is no other options to check whether the shipping price offered by supplier is fair or not.
buen tiempo de entregabuena comunicación comprador y vendedor
Supplier lied on delivery date. The account where I made the order changed. I change the value of the invoice to pay twice the shipping cost. I modify invoice. It is not liable for fraud.
Good service
Safety in case of claims.
This is exactly what i needed from you! Full detailed review that covers all the basic needs. I really am amazed. Did not expect this. you guys rock! :) :) keep it up!!!
Because I made 2 payments on May 19th, 2020 of an equal amount ?3615.15, my supplier only received one payment. I have confirmed by Barclays bank that Alibaba have received both payments and I still have not got my money refunded. Your help line was hopeless and just told me to talk to my supplier who in turn said they cannot help as their bank had only received one payment, This is now nearly 3 months and I want my money back.
good
i recommend trade assurance because it make me feel more comfortable where my business bdget is spent and the security of the product.
Shipping times
It give confidence that if a Supplier messed up, Allibaba will refund.  This is ver good.
I think it should be more user friendly and placing the order and its agreement with the suppliers should be more convenient.I still haven't receive the product I ordered due to delivery company.
Alibaba es una empresa muy seria y honorable, sin duda es recomendable cualquier ofrecimiento y compromiso que incluya cualquier garantia o seguro ofrecido por Alibaba
I purchased salon chairs for my business.  The equipment is delapidated (began breaking after 4 months)...Alibaba pretty much told me that had I said something 3 months or sooner that they could help.  The reality is that I took the risk and I am fine with that.  What they should have done was shut down and stop representing a bad manufacturer.  But because these chairs lasted longer than 90 days they basically ignored my complaint.  I am restating that I was not seeking money or anything buying direct is a high risk/sometimes high reward.  Just basically telling my side of the story.  And as it stands that manufacturer will still be able to rip people off while other good ones are treated equally.  It's bad business and the shopper doesn't have any way to leave a review or make these manufacturers do right.
Protection on purchases
Easy to maintain communication with so many people.
Feel like I can get better pricing dealing directly with the supplier
no one is help between customer and seller. customer center has to be established and it needs to help customer to buy product easily. if seller does not reply buyer's message, there is no one to contact the seller instead of buyer. it is very inconvenient. also, there are many swindlers in Alibaba.com. they require to pay with cash such as bank transfer using money gram, WU, and bitcoin.com. it makes Alibaba.com very bad site.
Very efficient and affordable.
The alibaba fee are not known beforehand so can be calculated into product cost
i like alibaba because it is easy to use and more easy to contact with sellers and negotiate with them
I never recommend anybody to buy anything from Alibaba.
I would recommend for safety
FOR SECURITY IN PAYMENTS AND TRADE GUARANTEE
the formatting is not overly user friendly and the app could be updated
Professional Service
Nice and Easy
No proactive customer service.
.
I will recommend Alibaba because it is the most secured and safest online shopping app.
It felt safe to buy goods from a for me new production centre. Follow up was smooth and clear, as well as payment and sending conditions. Goods arrived in an very acceptable time span.
ive been happy with the company ive been working with easy to communicate with and products a perfect
very safe
already have
i  would recommend Trade Assurance its safer
Safer payment transaction with suppliers
It was an easy process
I hope all buyer will be show more interest to buy  if the transaction charges are taken less than 1% from the total order value , so it's very help full to deal, specially for big order also via Alibaba.
good
Its fast, reliable and easy process
Trade assurance is very secure.  Anytime any transaction is made whether it be by the manufacturer or the buyer Trade Assurance updates you.  You also have the option to cancel the transaction at anytime.
it's safe
Because shipping takes forever
This factory, Xingye County Dynamic Sporting Goods Factory, got my 10,000 RMB deposit to produce table tennis bats. After half year, they informed that they could not make it. Their printing ability could not reach that level..    Then I asked them to return my deposit money back, but they have been quiet for 5 years already.  I called their sales manager, but she did not pick up the phone. no any mail, message reply.  Such as cheating company.   How could Alibaba set up them as Gold supplier?  Alibaba's standard is not good enough.
Dispute was amicably resolved
I dont see value yet. Maybe I am not using it properly but the main supplier I deal with is diffucult, so don't see how trade assurance helps.
A lot of deceptive ads, pricing
Product i received is faulty.  No manual. Bad packaging.  Easily destroyed item.  Supplier is difficult to deal with.  Supplier inputted wrong email address, I cannot give my review. Ai cannot see my order in my account because they put an incorrect aemail.
safety
i will recommand it because it secured and proffessional
The U.K. isn’t protected
good
we only have issue with the shipping cost is very high.
very easy ...very clear...nothing hidden
Helps to reach manufacturers and discuss project needs with them.
I don have reason unti i recive the  purchase
Trade assurance is a great feature for the buyer.... in case some one do not receive their order. it's a safety.
i can recommend it, there was no problem during the buying, shipping... products are ok, but could've been better.
My supplier is great.
I am not fond of the fees and would prefer to pay my supplier direct via bank transfer
I have been working with great suppliers from alibaba from years now, they have been a big help to my business and consider alibaba as my partner.
easy to use and knowing that I have trade assurance
It makes me feel secure
It’s the best
no comment
Good quality material and on-time delivery.
It convenience to purchase some thing for my favorite.
I WOULD RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE THE SERVICE WAS ACCURATE AND RELIABLE
The delivery time is forever along with some communication with certain vendors.
It is a very serious company, the suppliers serve very well and especially the products do not take 10 to 15 days for delivery.
fees too high
It makes me feel safer at the time of making purchases
little risk involved
The information is not actual. There are problems with the tracking information. Also packages that havent arrived and it says that i received, its not true.
For many business owners that often partner with international distributors it protects them during that process.
The biggest reason I would recommend Alibaba to other users is the very quick and helpful responses to my inquiries.Sometimes when I make an inquiry the sellers seem to ignore my request, providing no information as to a reason for their disinterest.If a seller can not help me but lets me know I am satisfied with the reply. But most of the time I get very helpful assistance from the marketing representatives at the various "Gold" sellers.My last purchase was yesterday of a laptop computer and the sale was very easy and the shipping was overnight. It was a nice surprise.
Good Communication
Trade Assurance was good for protecting my order but it took a long time for my products to ship.
it is the best thing here, helps to avoid scammers, I would never order from a supplier that does not accept trade assurance, that equals scam
Safe & fast transaction, lots of choices and item varieties, professional suppliers.
good product
It is secure, easy to use, and it is reliable for any purchase where everyone is polite and make good business.
the page is not easy to use. It does not keep the information in the way i need it . I can't keep in order the suppliers i'm interested in and i can not delete information and suppliers.
nevered order anything
The experiences I've had here on Alibaba have been positive and has allowed my business the ability to offer more unique products.  The pricing is reasonable and the staff of the stores I've communicated with are very helpful.
the safety of the transaction
For the moment all goes good.
I get my package on time so thats good but my vendor has poor taste sometimes! I don't care for it because this is supposed to be fun! I be missing may items. We will see if she keeps her end and send them in this package. I really hope so because I spent alot of money and on shipping
Simple and affective
There is no reason
Hardly compensate even for broken product. And there is so many bad suppliers.
I bought $3,800 machine from a Alibaba supplier who delivered less than half of the electrical components and no computer or operating system that was clearly specified in the sale contract. Alibaba trade assurance only tried to negotiate $1,200 refund from supplier. Finally American Express refunded my entire purchase price, but I paid additional $980 tax/duty for the first one and the parts they delivered are worth Zero so I still lost a lot of money and 9 weeks wasted time communicating with Trade Assurance and the criminal supplier. The supplier admitted in early communications after I filed the claim to Alibaba they did not ship everything what was ordered, so Alibaba should have immediately refunded full purchase price. It is not possible to mediate solution with a criminal!
Trade Assurance give us more security of the quality of the products and be assure the goods comes in good conditions, quantity required and in specific time.
Great service
ok
Placing orders is not an easy process. It should be improved. Frequently the product options in the shopping cart do not match price lists shared by vendors.Payment is very easy.I have never had to use any kind of dispute process yet.  It is extremely important to me that it exists, and I would not buy via Alibaba without it.But until I use it, I cannot answer whether or not it is sufficient.
Thus far the the service has been pleasing and the my needs have been met
For guaranty
safe to work
HAVE NOT RECIEVED ITEM IT HAS BEEN OVER 2 MONTHES.
The fees involved when paying via Trade Assurance are so high. If they were reduced, we'd recommend. Sellers should be meeting the fees.
It is everythng clear and secure for me as a buyer.
Sometimes the vendors have trouble speaking english and communicating clearly with the buyer, if there is an issue it is hard for them to tell me what happened and its confusing
It is just a stalling technique
I've not had to use it, but it put my mind at ease.
you can improve the price on shipments to Mexico
Trade Assurance is great!
i have not used it yet, but i feel comfortable and secure that you have it
its good
you have served me deligently
Confidence in every transaction because of trade assurance. :)
You have to put a lot of trust into the manufacturer that they will delivery the product. Its very difficult to speak to a Alibaba representative for minor issues, if there was a case were the manufacturer didn't comply to an agreement, i imagine it would be extremely difficult to resolve that issue. Another thing which i've noticed is my trade assurance order is limited to a certain amount of days, however my delivery was delayed by 3/4 weeks, so my trade assurance order had expired before my items even arrived.
Trade Assurance gave me confidence in my purchase
I'm trying to pay for orders and my bank is sending the money to you, but you keep sending it back to my bank rather than sending it to the supplier.
It worked for me.
It is recommended for traceability and reliability, to open a dispute in case the products do not correspond to what is offered.
good price good service
serious and responsible
IT does ot work,  I had a problem with my first order and no one stood up for me, you had my money and did not care what happened.
To avoid money loss
I would recommend trade assurance because it protects customers.
NA
everything worked smoothly - i would definitely recommend
a UN NO RECIBO  MI PEDIDO
a bit laggy on the browser
Great service and assurance put in place, Don't trust every seller though. Go for rated ones
ok
not yet
good service
I have peace of mind when I do my transactions on Alibaba
the communication is hard
dd
gives you peace of mind
No
Great source for products and structured service
In case delivery fails, I know that alibaba will step in and refund in case needed
The chat system is chaotic.... and sending files seems to have many issues. Somoetimes not uploading.
Delivery on time and exactly as per samples sent and approved by our customer . Packing and priting done as agreed . Cost of freight of samples returned to us in full immediately upon receipt of our customer's order .
I would like to recommend trade assurance service. it is safety for each other.
I woud recommend Alibaba for all who wants to do great business, it has a lot of features and unique options, and hopefully, i can have also product loan, thank you.
I would recommend Alibaba for the all the differents products are available, and the good customer service I received once I need it.
auto acceptance is not acceptable, if the order is clearly in transit then do not automatically display as completed.
Transaction with many sellers are not concluded.many product are present only for attract interst but aren't realy available
It makes me feel safe
Peace of mind when doing business in unknown markets
n/a
I would recommend Trade assurance as it gives people security if they have never used Alibaba. And I have actually dealt with some businesses who were not exactly honest, so it is great to have. I would like to see the trader assurance easier to use however. I would like it to be more clear as to when and how you can file a claim if needed, but overall I am very satisfied. I would like to see a rating system for sellers on Alibaba, so you knew who to buy from and who not to.
Very good service
no understant
Makes me feel protected when buying
Trade assurance is the best thing that happened ever in Alibaba. Make purchases with rest of mind
Order is safe, Alibaba will not cheat customers.
Good items
Security over transaction and a feeling of accountability in respect of relationship with the supplier
1.some suppliers has low response rate on Alibaba,it takes so long to get their reply sometime. And when u using application via mobile,the pop-up message delays sometimes.2. Some of them show the low price ,but when you talked about it they will said it's changed..the information is wrong on the main page.
Thrusthworthy suppliers, though you get a very few that never reply when you contact them.
Fast and Trusted
very secure
None
Good service to ensure no fraud or fraud
Good service
Alibaba totally failed me, an agent was supposed to manage a dispute, and just didn't have a look to my evidences. He closed the case and I was unable to do anything. I've been stolen because of the bad work of an employee.
Trade Assurance Service helps me  to order items with confidence.
good service
My order came in fast and everything was very nice quality.
Very easy fast no charge
take to long time to get answer
I was scammed by a supplier and still waiting for my case to be settled since 2 months ago. I suppose Alibaba should be 100% scam free.
I've been using Trade Assurance for 2 of my orders now and I feel protected and satisfied that Alibaba has my back. So thank you!
they don't know the real price make me loss much money
dont know
Recomendaría por que tienen buen servicio y atención  I would recommend because they have good service and attention
Trade assurance services should also be available stand alone without the order being paid through Alibaba. Sometimes we have made an order out side of Alibaba and require trader assurance services. I am sure there must be many customers looking for trade assurance services but prefer paying the order outside of Alibaba.
I think Trade assurance system is good for buyer. It can make sure for buyer.
Very convenient
It makes it easy to complete transactions.
I've had scams and very bad service from some companies
when I reordered my next supply of Mouse Pads they forgot to include the carry cover bags that I paid for.  I had to argue with my representative to get my covers sent to me.  then they sent my covers to Australia instead of Canada.  then I had to pay for them to send me my covers.  from the time i received my mouse pads till i received my covers was almost 2 months.  That means lost sales and customers while waiting for something that  should have been with my initial shipment.
I like it a lot because the timing and quality of the product is first class, in addition to the good communication that exists between the customer and the seller, thank you very much, continue like this.
It gives me peace of mind
it is guaranteed, risk free and easy to use
safe
Good website, but still need to improve.
They accomodate us for testing and sent it to China
Yes, I will recommend Trade Assurance Service because t is a  key for technical control, traceability and service assurance.
is good and trust
Great prices and suppliers
Trade assurance gives the buyer some protection.
I suppose it's effectiveness is why you do not notice it.
Well , I fear a little to recommend it, because the last time I had a very bad experience. I sent all my evidence on the three stages that require it. I sent the last stage of sending evidence with one day missing for my response time to expire and then they told me that I had not sent anything. And that my dispute no longer proceeded. I never thought Alibaba was not going to be fair.
I am very happy with TAS.
I am not sure what is Trade Assurance Service
SAfety is very important and yuor department do a great job in that area.
Great way to take care of customer.
N/A
I would recommend trade assurance because it makes the process simple.
reliable and easy way to approach and get to know manufacturers and suppliers
Convenient and accountable
I think Trade Assurance Services is very important because it protects your purchaser and wholesaler alike.
It has been extremely difficult to communicate with Trade Assurance. There was a long delay in shpping the goods after completion and it has been difficult to extend receiving time. I have NOT received the goods yet and TA shows it as delivered.
Service was good and it gives peace of mind to the transaction
No
Thanks
SOME OF YOUR SELLER HAVE A ESPECIFIC PRICE AND THEN WHEN I BUY FROM THEM THEY RISE THE SHIPPING PRICE AND THEN MAYBE THEY GOT HUNGRY AND TAKE TOO LONG REFUNDING OUR MONEY.YOU GUYS NEED TAKE CARE ON THEM.
confianza  en la la garantía comercial.
would recommend
No hay garantía de los productos. Compre un reloj hace más de 100 días y no me dan razón de mi pedido o de mi devolución.Igualmente, compré un reloj cronómetro (para deporte) y aunque lo recibí, no ha sido posible la sincronización del reloj en Colombia, a pesar de seguir las instrucciones adjuntas al producto.Igualmente, no responde ni existe asistencia alguna para quedar totalmente satisfecho por los productos recibidos.
na
Exelente servicio!! son muy confiables y profesionales
Customer Service is awesome
There are a lot of quality merchants on here with great customer service.
I've had no problem with Trade Assurance so far - I feel confident making purchases on Alibaba.
I would because it provides protection
They always gave me attention to the order and in all cases I was satisfied
a little hard to communicate
It did not help me resolve my dispute case
Quality of suppliers varies greatly. Some very good, trustworthy and some very bad.
We love the service, the responsiveness and how Alibaba enforces accountability
??
Very easy to use.  I had a great experience with the seller and was very happy with the products I received.  I look forward to purchasing from him again.
its very good
Very satisfied
Leaves eBay for dead in selection and most of the same stuff is on here at 1/4 the price!
It is to short period of time we get to find out if we have recevied what we paid for. When buying machines it takes time to asseble and try everything. Therefore it should be much longer time than 7 days from arrival.
Some shit you just cant get elsewhere.
1. I have not yet received the products ordered on 22.05.2020;2. It is an extremely difficult site.
great products at low cost
is more safe bussines
While buying with Trade Assurance, you know that the company you are buying from is a real company, verified and that Alibaba is going to take care of everything. It is really easy to get what you need using Trade Assurance
..
It gives you peace of mind and allows you to order with confidence , sellers know that they must fulfill the contract as arranged.
Because of ease of tracking transaction records and protection against fraud
i have received some broken items and didn't get a refund.i am very disappointed about the service.
Because the trade Assurance Service is the most reliable and convenience way to do business.
Refund is likely if supplier doesn't ship on time.
I have not revived my goods yet. When I get the doll  I can tell you I am fully happy.
very convinent
i don't know as i said a 8 which is a good recommend
nothing my supplier is good , my only concern is , a we can possible to make it more express when it comes on delivering of the products
nothing my supplier is good , my only concern is , a we can possible to make it more express when it comes on delivering of the products
Because it can cover most of the problems that might happen
Unfortunately the current Covid 19 Pandemic has been effecting our delivery times and therefore the duration of time between customs transfers (seems like it isn’t moving) We have a section on our website which is listed on ALL of our product pages highlighting this potential issue. https://lorrainemariee.com/pages/covid-infoPlease also let us remind you that we also offer a 90 day shipping guarantee, that states after the 90 days have past or the shipment is “lost in transit” we will send you out a second pair free of charge. We appreciate your patience during this time and promise we are doing our best in terms of dealing with this pandemiciece of mind
Provides safe and easy transactions and service
Little to no security after purchase. I've had buyers claim to sell with trade assurance and then ask to contact you via WhatsApp and try to sell you outside of Alibaba which I reject every time. I've complained to Alibaba Customer Service about it and they don't seem to care or even put the seller on probation for such fraud. I am currently in dispute with a seller who clearly committed fraud claiming that a product is HD then when a request is made for refund tries to argue that the product is not HD. I'm still waiting on my refund.
website has a lot of glitchessupport is uselessnavigation is hard
buenos productos y facil contacto con proveedores
Great service, a back up if your order doesn't go as planned.
Very professional.
Por seguridad ante cualquier inconveniente con el proveedor
Give me the security that i needed for buy
My transaction seemed to go well. After I use it a few more times I will have more confidence in it.
,
Pretty easy to navigate and pace orders
good product
it helped me to build trust with this medium
I would reccommend because it gives you peace of mind.
For ease and safety
It is a very good tool to obtain suppliers at a good price
I feel supported and protected by the practices. It allows me to look for new suppliers without significant risk.
I would recommend using Alibaba because you are guaranteed security.
i would recommend it because its the only solution available to communicate with china.i would not recommend it because the UX is the worst i have ever seen, you are huge data company and you should have a much better customer experience and ease of use
because  in case there was a mistake in the goods or something, you can make an agreement with your supplier througt  the traade assurance.
Will recommend 5:5
During covid time, alibaba released the money and we did not even get the order. So I think they should ask the buyer first before to release moeny. thanksn
Eu gosto da seguran?a do sistema. Posso receber o produto com a certeza de que ele esta?ra nas condi??es negociadas
todo ok con la aplicacion
because they will find what they are looking for
We received equipment that doesn't work due to faulty wiring and we asked for  a refund.  The window to prove our point was so small and with CoVid - we could notget the proof together in time.  We still have equipment from China that was under Alibaba Trade Assurance and it's not working
Because i never receive the refund of one purchase por 120 USD
I know that my money is secure.
not easy and to very easy to find the provider that adjust to your needs
Most companies sell quality  products under the Alibaba umbrella
Products and Manufacturer have answered and achieved my expectations so far.
The service in the major of the companies is so well. Is quickly and efficient.
LED Strips came as described. Product was delivered very quickly once it was shipped. Customer service was very friendly and made sure I got the product I needed. I really appreciated the accountability through the tracking service and deadline format of Trade Assurance.
Works great. Provides confidence
Because it gives a sense of security that my money will be refunded back to me.
A peace of mined when ordering for the first time with a buyer.
is better to be shure and have assurance for any reason possible.
No one tried to work with you when needing a small order.
I would recommend
The salesperson Cassie Li from MDK was great. She kept me update on every aspect until the item was received. She was excellent.
feel confident in the professionalism of this site, all is done in time and people we deal with are sympathic.
Top service
So far services have been great!
Shipping cost
.
It's secure- better than nothing
i bought a product and dose not work
low prices. possibility of direct communication with the seller
The prices are different than advertised. As a customer, I would like to budget my shipping cost up front before purchasing. Also, the sample prices are ridiculously high. If I want to purchase 1000 items, it would be fair to send a sample at a fair price. My sample for a tube was $100, which is ridiculous.
Transaction goes smoothly, I get what I paid for, sellers friendly and ship on time
i Would recommend for simplicity, good quality exchange with sellers and others contact.
I did not receive package.  No updates from seller.
I spent over
no accurate follow up from suppliers, it takes too much time to place the order. i have one order that i received less quantity than what i ordered and paid.
they have a good service your money is safe till the sale is donethe only disadvantage is when you return an item you lose the cometion paid to Alibaba
Contacting supplliers is easy on the alibababa app
Would recommend to ensure shipment collected, payment is paid then by Alibaba.
I will recommend
Very good quality vendors and fast shipping.
is ok
It is good and quick service
Great product.
I will recommend Trade Assurance Service to someone else because it is reliable.
VERY GOOD
further future suggestion a live representative would be great if help is needed and to avoid fraud
easy to use interface and contact/email suppliers...keeps a nice thread to follow communications
my bad experience with my first purchase, the shenzhen trume technology company does not comply with its equipment guarantee, I received faulty equipment and it does not want to fulfill the guarantee or make a return.
Not sure. Its my first time trading here
Ordered samples and some of them were not doing what they supposed to do and it is been a while since I heard from the supplier for explanation and help.
OK
I can only recommend to those who has a strong connections to customs.
it makes it more trustworthy and also easier to do all transactions
good service, worry free
ok
I have the dispute of refund. Alibaba.com said will give feed back after five days and is more than five days now with no feedback.
easy to buy something from the global.
N/a
Provides reassurance and peace of mind.
I haven't tried it I don't think
there is no assurance that the product provided are often the pictures are not exactly what is that is going to be recieved. manufactorers often provide a cheaper material that does not match the photos on listing with or with trade assurance. misleading.
Feel secure ordering from Trade Assurance Service
Did not receive my order.
guarantees products meets your customers standard
Some of the vendors offer good quality products
i need assistance with my order/ parts /warranty and cant get help or parts. i will never buy out of country again
Servicio
safety
Great service, great communication.
the web page does not has a spanish traslate.
Business service is very important.Suppliers must have that guaranteeSince without that there is no commercial garnatia
I have been very satisfied with the trade assurance service. Transactions have gone smoothly and goods delivered promptly and as described.
Communication is easy.   Prices are great.
n/a
excellent service and response, peace of mind looking for suppliers
Sellers small businesses are not welcome when placing small MOQ. Some sellers are NOT 100% transparent with product details and quality. In addition, items are always overpriced and non reasonable which defeats the purpose of shopping overseas.
I was scamed by a seller and trade assurance dont help me!
save
The company’s are great. They answer all questions on time and they’re really respect
AS THE PRINCIPAL ENTERPRISE OR PLATTAFORM THROUGH WHICH MANY PEOPLE BUY MANY THINGS FROM CHINA SPECIALLY, YOU SHOULD FOLLOW AND CHECK THAT THE PURCHASES OR PACKS BOUGHT ARRIVE TO THEIR DESTINATION. ALIBABA SHOULD PENALIZE THE ENTERPRISES THAT DON`T ACCOMPLISH THIS GOAL
awesome way to contact with suppliers. trade assurance is amazing
na
The interaction with Wendy Cao
It is very easy to use.
I have had a wonderful experience so far!
N/QA
Works well for us.
I would be good if you could improve the shipping prices to South America like Colombia.
Alibaba service charges and exchange rates are high
I have concerns about privacy. What is your privacy policy to not use my data or keep my information private?
In some ways the interface is not user friendly. It is hard to understand. Not terrible, but not great.
Trade insurance should cover when shipments are extremely late. If a supplier says that they have shipped an order via airmail and the shipment doesn't arrive in over a month or more it should be refunded no questions asked. I have now been waiting 2 months for an order and the Fedex doesn't even have the shipment but have not been giving a refund! what about my business?!?! what about my money?!?!?
Buy at Alibaba is easy and safe.Great service.Thanks.
I have never had to use it so I do not know much about it
With Alibaba Trade Assurance, your safety is paramount.
security
Alibaba has put in place some sensible measures to aliviate customer conserns so good job Alibaba.
Very friendly people
Sicherheit
there are a lot of sellers ( companies ) wich prices differs a lot from the price they actually sell it : example :Some product X appers in advertisement between 50 USD - 150 USD, means , if you buy only one unit the price should be 150 USD  ! but in the most of cases, when the buyer open the chat and chats with someone of the company, about knowing more informations about that product , they said always is another price, and the price is always much higher !!!!So that is the reason you should make more rules for your sellers ! beside that everything is okay !
Easy communication with the supplier and transaction security
I have an order that is way past the point at which I should have received it.  Your system says I only have 15 days left to open a dispute so I clicked on your link to submit one and when I attempt to do it your system tells me that the product is in the US and that I should wait for it to arrive.  It has been in the US for a long time according to your system.  If I do get it that's great, but I want to open a dispute because it's been too long and I've moved on so you can have the product back if you want.
I WILL AND ALREADY DONE SO.
I had a dispute/complaint filed against one of the suppliers and alibaba has not acted on it.
It is secure and allows me to not stress about an order and its completion
Smooth and safe transaction
Very helpful and easy ordering
Satisfactory service.
It gives me assurance that suppliers are not going to mess around with my order.
Gives peace of mind on transaction.
No
no comment
Na
servicio rapido
For paying extra 2.95% on each order for no reason
coast
Seller response is not fast.
I recommend Alibaba online trade because the service is always the best from the suppliers, they reply so quick, they always willing to assist, they are friendly to be available in a trade or stock you want to buy, you get the guaranteed orders on time
I have good experience!
It is easy and protective.
RAS
Complete trust. I trust  my money is being looked after.
I had bad experience wit shipment that was not covered by any asurance
none
high trans fee
Recommend !!  As security for both seller and buyer
The suppler i ordered from sent me only one box of masks and the masks has their logo. The sample mask was blank to show me that I can use my company logo.
Quick and safe delivery
Easy to find products
Not particularly impressed. It is just a payment platform.
N/A
I wish some of the vendors will be more honest with shipping cost. Some company have low prices, but they jack up the shipping cost from 50% or even 100% last minute. It will be nice, to have shipping included in price. it is very common here, but there are still some honest vendors.
Excellent prices
I was never made aware to begin with and got scammed
we can find good supplier who has the good and interesting products with good competitive price. Not only this, but they can accept fully original products designed by us.
My order is still not received. it's in the way... but your system is showing "COMPLETE"!!!!!!How do you pay the supplier before I get my merchandise???!!!! What assurance you are talking about???!!!Why I have no solution except "Asking for refund"!!!!! why I ask for refund while the merchandise is coming in few days??!!!
very easy to use
fast delivery and top seller
would recommed, returned my money fast
Could be translated into Portuguese
I recommend the use of alibaba insurance, because that way my money is insured and I know that if there were any disagreement, Alibaba would help me with that problem by giving me back the money, that makes me buy safely and make payments.
No accountability for Sellers that ship late, change shipping methods or lie about products they claim to have in stock!! Sellers post photos of item THEY DON'T have or they bait and switch products for a lesser desirable product to push the sale.Also, they is NO feedback system for how fast a seller ships an item or even for the product itself like Amazon and eBay have had for many many years....Feedback is not very visible and seller hide behind delayed shipments and or product that is not the same as product shown in photos. Also, cannot add item to ONE order, had to write down all the products I wanted and message them to the seller which was VERY TIME CONSUMING...should have the ability to add all products to ONE order and then I can check out like any other Webstore. Will be taking my business to another platform or just deal with Taiwanese manufacturers directly, the ones I can trust because too many factories in China lie about shipping times and product design.
I have found so much stuff that will work great for my store.
reasons i would recommend:-There are many products available -Very friendly suppliers - cheap good quality itemsreasons i would not recommend:- slow shipping-expensive shipping - refunding with suppliers is not always fair.
I have no reason. I just started...Ty
Trade assurance is the reason i decided to give alibaba a chance. Helps me sleep at night
fees are to expensive and exchange rate is not correct
2.95% credit card fee normally was digested by seller and platform, that's the normal shopping experiences in US. it's not a big deal for me, but it's just a little counterintuitive. Shipping fee is high to be honest. AliExpress default shipping fee is quite low. Yes, it will take longer time. but the high shipping fee is not good experiences for the customers who is get used to free shipping. Even the total price may be still cheaper than US seller's total price,  Alibaba needs to figure out one way to comply with user shopping experiences.
Miscommunication is easy to happen, but patience will help see it out.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because it makes you feel more secure about payment and supplier.
excellent sourcing option
Shipping prices are very high for minimum orders of 5 to 15
I am very happy with all the attention along the procces
Satisfied
It says I have received my package but I have yet to receive my package.
The shipping time is extremely inconvenient for someone who needs to fill/restock inventory quickly.
It's too much time to find a good manufacturer and all vendors have high Minimums...... Net terms not offered anymore.
yes
ive had issues with alibaba sellers and when i reach out noone replies to me.....
Shipping costs almost as much as the product. Also- I feel like if I am ordering samples or not a huge order the prices and availability changes.Even when I place an order nothing is ever readily available. Then it takes almost 2 months to get to the states....The customer service was above and beyond! Great people and the attempt to ensure that I was getting the best was always felt....I do realize that some things are out of their control but hopefully it will be MUCH MUCH MUCH better the next time I order...
porque es una plataforma segura y eficiente para comercio internacional
Very straightforward. Provided extra confidence in working with the buyer I decided upon and contributed toward a great working relationship.
I would recommend because I never though that I'll be this happy with my products
So far my dealings with the Trade have been successful and I am happy to continue,although ordering I have left up to the other party as I cannot understand the procedure very well
easy and secure
Some of the traders is late by response they take days for response to us
This is my first time buying from China and using Alibab gave us reassurance.
Easy to use
I WOULD RECOMMEND TRADE ASSURANCE AS IT IS SAFE AND WITH NO HASSLE
It delayed the shipping date by a month or more.
I may not want someone to know where I get goods from.
cost
i would highly recommend this to all my friends..trade assurance service is quick and on time
So far the platform was very easy for me to use. I find the seller summary very useful and I can confirm that this data is reliable. Golden Suppliers are very professional and responsive.
The systems provides for payment and good protection.
its been ngreat
I WOULD RECOMMEND
I received my order like they said I would and I have trust in Trade Assurance.
Alibaba has everything you need and connects business owners with manufacturers all across the world.
No
I couldn't find where the per transaction fee was listed, and expected it to show up on my final order statement on Alibaba.com, but that only showed the fee I paid for the products.  I wasn't able to figure out the fee until I received our credit card bill.
no
stand behind items very important & delivery to USA
This ensures the supplier fulfill the requirements and delivery time
great services, great network
Just another one of those extra benefits of shopping here
I specific like the timeline/tracking activities of the product as to when the product is being paid, shipped or arrived.
great way to ensure customer receives fair deal
Great platform; people are great.  It's like a perfect combination of amazon/ ebay/ and something that US does not have and I can't put my finger on  So, a 3 way of goodness with good people as alibaba staff and as good folks as vendors and customers.  World is great (mostly, except for Trump and likes).
I have been trying to solve a problem with a company for months and Alibaba didnt do shit.
secured transactions
.
i would  recommend Trade Assurance Service
It is simply too easy for manufacturers to blame issues on freight forwarders, customs and they refuse to admit when their product is not good. Also, we, the purchasers, need better protection and better ability to recover our funds if the products are faulty.
No
Postage is very expensive for shipping
Product coverage is excellent and platform is easy to navigate
it makes transactions feel safe
So far, I got my orders fast and in great condition. I felt confident placing my orders through Trade Assurance.
Order confirmed without ever having a working tracking number, not response from seller, no help from alibaba
It's recommended because you can avoid issues when doing business in terms of payments
I dont speak with other customers
safe method and shipping guarantee
The courier charges for some of the supplier is too high
The payment link is comfortable!
increase safety of large orders
Like the sense of security and protection
To be sure of everything, you know that you speak with genuine people who wants to do business. How big or small you are.
После размещения ко мне не было ни одного запроса на мою продукцию.
I have found Alibaba to be very helpful with it's wide variety of suppliers, their information, and inventory. The prompt response when needed is sufficient.
security
I like trade assurance options,  the app is not great due its shutting down unexpectedly , web version is not my favorite.Otherwise,  I like it.
MAIN REASON SO FAR IS THAT THE PRODUCT GOOD QUALITY AND ON TIME DELIVERY
Easy to use
Address difference between real supplier and beficiary company address. I had to make another purchase order sheet for this.
Protection let's you sleep better...And so far, the process has worked well.Thank you for this service.
convenience
I would recommend alibaba as the suppliers I have dealt with so far have been outstanding
GOOD
Sometime, supplier did not send me the right specification
The components of insurance are goodFortunately, I still did not need themThe price is a bit high
Easy to use and feels secure
Gives some security finding new suppliers
The reassurances you get form trading through alibaba puts my min at rest.
No its a good website
I will recomand
Some information is different when contact sellers. Like MOQ and OEM issues. The information shown is much lower than what seller actually wants
I didnt need to claim so i cannot say if it is good or bad. You only know if insurance works when you try to claim
the dispute process takes too long! and needs to be cut short.. also, they need to filter out scam companies.
i would recommend it because it is a safe way to do business with people you never met.
Communication with others are still a problem - messages are often delayed and responses very slow.  It makes it much more convenient to communicate by email, skype or wechat (or similar) to get details of products The search, making contact and handling of orders are convenient though.
I would recommend it because it gives buyers peace of mind when buying items
I HAVE BEEN DECEIVED AND HAVE KEPT MY FULL PACKAGE, THE SELLER HAS NOT BEEN TRANSPARENT AND BLAME THE SHIPPING COMPANY, I LOST ALMOST 2000 DOLLARS WITH ALIBABA
Trade Assurance is supposed to protect the buyer. The seller lied and continues to lie about what happened. We lost money, but there is no reason for Alibaba on their decision. The site seems to be a front/cover to help sellers deceive buyers. If it wasn't I should have received a clear reason. I will submit the trade assurance again, but I deal with a lot of people and I will let everyone know that Alibaba sellers are not to be trusted.
I'd recommend as Trade Assurance Service is reliable and accurate.
I have only had issues with one order.  The order eventually arrived 3 months later, but there was minimal assistance in trying to track it other than to tell me there was nothing that could be done since the order had been shipped and they had not control over a delay in transit.
It is efficient
n
I would recomment because it is very convenient.
satisfied
Because when I ask the agent to solve an issue which can be a small issue all what they say that I have to place a dispute.  Process is long
None
Feels like more secure protection for buyer, but has high transaction fees.
The quality of the outfits were good
insurance change too expensive
none
Because business owners can be sure in each transaction they do (and they will receive the good as agreed with the provider)
Is safe and works well when something happens
Very good atenttion, very good website
Secure and fast
can't
The disputes process is complicated and very much favours the supplier.I have had only one experience where I have had to use the trade assurance service with regard to the quality of the goods received and I found the process did not provide for resolution.I enjoy using trade assurance to place orders and pay money. It is easy, simple and feels secure.
Transfer fees are high. The most disappointing part was in a situation with a vendor fails to deliver. Although you get a refund, you do not get back the transfer fee. I felt that I was being penalized for being a good customer.
Hassle to get payment
Because all the time I felt supported and efficiently cared for.
The customer service is excellent and very reasonable price. The shipping to the USA could be a little cheaper.
Secure and safe
Dependable service and good prices
Actually I've used It to pay for samples shippment since It's cheaper and easier this way for us
On two occasions I have used it and everything has turned out very well, since they give enough time to demonstrate the truth
No reason.
I think is a good service. i will recommend.
easy and striaght forward.. somehow secured  to
I feel secure with my money and trade
I recomend the alibaba.com services.
Es facil y seguro realizar compras...
up to now they have given me a good business relationship with suppliers
impruve Qualify
very efective
I recommend it because of the quality and safety in financial and other transactions.
Everything is fine
He tenido buenas experiencias
service sucked
number one platform and team in the world buyer protection and professionalism
piece of mind when ordering with payment first.
It provides protection, but a little difficult to use.
This is my first time doing business with Alibaba and it seems that there is a break down in my receiving my order and the fedex document the package arrived/delivered and I don’t have the package.  The document is in error and the company is saying that the documents say you received.  I really had to press upon them, I DONT Have the package.  What happen to verification !  The package was shipped on July 15 and it’’s August 5.  For FedEx that is too long.  Not pleased at all.
i will use
.
It makes international purchase and terms very easy to negotiate. Payment is smooth.
The process takes extremely long. For me to get a partial refund, Trade Assurance took a total of a month and a half, and many of those days were me waiting for Trade Assurance to even send the first message.
#NAME?
not found any error
Very secure
Very smooth process and gives a peace of mind
For my first business transaction on Alibaba, Trade Assurance gave me the feeling of a safety net during the transaction.
The experience has been very professional.
very easy to deal with supplier.HORRIBLE and clunky search function. you should be able to refine EXACTLY the product you need.
I would definitely recommend this company to friends.
I can't refund anything, i lose all my money
Excellent and very convenient service.
I would recommend it for the guarantee and security offered by the service.
Fast, accurate and responsible.
Usually great service and my order arrived 1 week before projected. Which made me very happy.
I would recommend because when you almost all operations by this form quarantee your products arrive.
Just learning it.
good
Trade Assurance allows me the opportunity to work with suppliers and manufacturers that I would not have had a chance to with out the assurances of shipment, proper payment recipient and a place to file complaints and positive reviews. I will not order without it.
Yes the trading companies need to let the customers know in advane an item is not available. Instead of taking our monies and trying to sell us something else!!
Because I had no problem with any of my purchases, and trade insurance makes you feel confortable when shopping
Complicated, language barrier, relentlessly opening new windows.
Alibaba an easy platform to buy and sell goods
because my order has been delayed over and over again.... they claim it is force major but that is just lies.  i want my orders... they said it shipped 9 days ago and now it hasn't shipped at all. messing up my entire business... will have to buy in the usa only after this total mess.
trash seller, unprofessional & useless customer support.
safe so far
TRUSTED SELLER
Funciona de 10 el sistema
Alibaba's trade assurance doesn't protect the buyer. We've had multiple issues with sellers who say one thing and do another.
Very Good client service
because the sellers are not serious they take weeks to ship a product when they were supposed to ship it in days.
The service was very good
yes, i would recommend trade assurance service.
If needs stress free business use Trade Assurance
I can trust Alibaba
I would recommend it for someone who knows how to trust others especially overseas and would want to take the risk of ordering
An order that ive paid for, i have yet to receive a sample pair lashes
Trade Assurance Service is cool
great and efficient always
So easy to understand and use which gives confidence in the service.
It ads reliability and minimises risk of failure of the deal.
Too short period of time.
Most of the suppliers on Alibaba are not quick to respond, they sometimes don't have what they advertise and still keep advertising the product. They ignore you if they feel you cannot afford their MOQ of 20,000 bottles. The response time is very slow to non existent for some of the suppliers. Some suppliers tell you they are too busy to respond and would even go as far as telling you no one is available in their company to respond.if i am recommending Trade Assurance to anyone, it should be for the ease and convenience of doing business with suppliers on the platform, unfortunately, that cannot be guaranteed,
various product, low price, fast shipping and so on
Very reliable supplier especially supplier with trade assurance, gold supplier and how long the company in Alibaba.
I don't really know what benefits there are.
I am not getting my phone yet
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service
nonostante i solleciti a newbelle, per un difetto nei gambali della pressoterapia, non ho avuto soddisfazione, pertanto non posso utilizzare la macchina (ottima). Deluso dal assistenza post vendita.Ho paura di aver "buttato" i miei soldi
It's about the supplier. Can't reach easily, try to make appointment to talk on the phone so many time, never get the answer.
You need to replace your boss Jack Ma and employ foreigners. Your websites looks like a total shit place for foreigners because you don't employ foreign web designers and developers and always want to save money and let employees work too much.
Los precios de envió a otros paises es muy elevado
Tremendous service
Trade Assurance suppliers also often supply products that do not match the description or as promised by them.
EVEN THE PRICE ARE OKAY, PROBLEM IS THE SHIPPING PRICES!I MAKE 2 ORDES1- IS VERY NICE AND SAME AS THE PICTURE. QUALITY OKAY2- ORDER BRACELETS LOOK SAME TO THE PICTURE, BUT QUALITY NO GOOD, LOOKS LIKE PLASTIC. HAS NO EVE WEIGHT IN THE CHAIN,THE SET OF 3 BRACELETS LOOKS LIKE PLASTIC AND SMALL DETAILS SMEAR OF PAINT.  THEY LOOK LIKE DOLLAR STORE 3X1.99  CONCLUSION:  NO IN MY STORE.
Low prices
I had a great experience thus far!
Trust
Admin fees are high
good communication , doesn’t take long , & has good quality
Helped assured me that the product I purchased would get to me as expected.
I think is a great place to do business
es una buena plataforma pero a la hora de comprar hay variaciones entre el comprador y la plataforma ya que en los contratos no son los mismos valores de los que se pagan a los que se refleja en el contrato.
Guaranteed
Thanks Ms linda, you do good job!The delivery is very fast!The machine cutting effect is wonderful, with high precision and high efficiency.Your operation videos and Manual is very help for my staff to study and operate.I will buy more next year.Thanks for your kindness and professional service always.Good luck to you.
on time and good products
for foreign users the transaction fee is high
its safe and fast.
I would because so far it has been legit.
entregan a tiempo y dan seguimiento, precios competitivos, aunque en ocasiones los precios mostrados no son verdad, eso si deben revisarlo
all ok
Cost of shipping is a little high when the product is taking a while to arrive
good
because i?ve recibed very good service
Excellent service!
GOODDDDH BECAUSE I CAN FIND ALL THING THAT I NEED
there should be phone number to conatct trade assurance service easy to locate
Trade assurance did not protect my interest as a buyer.
i like
because when u buy from a such a far country like china for example... is nice to know that if something is wrong we can fix it true alibaba... so it keeps bad people far from here
The customer service with banking was problematic however it seemed that they were learning. Otherwise, it is essential to have trade assurances in place for the foreseeable future due to strained us china relations so overall sentiment will eventiually but unfortunately follow suit
it is a safe way to do business
Good quality of products and comfortable prices
It gives security and make the purchase more simple
Faster shipping
So far it has been very easy to do business this way and we are pleased with the results!
none, it's worked for me so far
I would recommend it to secure the future transaction.
you get your orders pretty fast.
higher cost
I would recommend the warranty insurance to be more sure that the product they send you is what you ordered
Terrible service. Did not try to resolve issue. Pretended they could not see the problem. How can anyone trust the system when it is clear they are not telling the truth. I understand you need to protect the companies money but there is also a responsibility to the customer. To make sure the product they receive is the same as being advertised. I have no reason to lie. I simply received a poor product that did not work properly. I had to send so many messages and make so many videos for no reason. This is very poor service that I would expect in third world country not from China.
It is required, sets out all discussed information to which both companies agree on. Companies not dealing through trade assurance are most of the time trying to scam other companies.
I had an order that took longer than 60 days to arrive and Trade Assurance closed it before it was received. I was very worried and wanted a refund but could not apply for it.
Good affordable
I wish the website was setup better and remove notifications after the have been checked
It is EXPENSIVEEXPENSIVEIt is EXPENSIVEEXPENSIVE
No
xxx
To complicaded to pick good options and close a deal!!
Very user friendly site and is easy to file for refund if needed as well
other trdigthree
I can do safe trade
no
I like trade assurance
They are punctual and reliable
I love this service, I would recommend this service to anyone. The only thing I don't like is the fact that  that after payment is received some vendors don't ship out  until 10 days after.
As a first time customer, it gave me the confidence to choose product suppliers freely without any concern regarding safety. This helped me to select the ideal product that suits my needs without knowing the details and baground of the manufacturer. They had to just be gold suppliers.
Set up was not easy. Payment process was not clear. I’m very happy with the outcome.
Sentirte cubierto y protegido es 100% recomendado
i made an order for the first time with alibaba, the goods i received was different thant the initial order. i first contacted the supplier to find a solution for the issue, but i received no answer.than i  ask for a refund of 50% of the total amount in 19/07/20, i received an answer today 04/08/20 (15 days later) and the answer was not in my  favour even if i presented all the proofs.this is unacceptable !
No real opportunities to recommend.
Fee is   a little too high.Alibaba doesn't actively interact with claim cases
its good
good
fast and easy service
It helps to be sure that the order will be right.
I would recommend Alibaba Services because, they were very professional and courteous.  Their response to very quick, and they were able to answer all my needs.  The products that I ordered were received the time frame that had said, and it is absolutely beautiful and I'm sure my customers are going to love it.
too complicated
there are some companies that set prices and do not respect, when you place an order, they put another price, or indicate that you deposit, in other accounts, it would seem to be a scam, I would recommend selecting suppliers better
Encourage vendors/sellers to answer question in a fast time line.
I recommed Trade Assurance serivce because it gives me confdence
Ease of use, ability to find a vendor for all needs
ITS ASSURED
Because mediation is always on behalf of factory/seller.
GOOD SERVICE
The supplier lied me and i didnt receive boxes for packaging.
didn't have a real experience with it yet
Never received my Order it’s been over a month !!!  I want my money back !!!
RAS
It do not really protect us as a buyer
Betrüger unterstützen und ein schaden von 50.000Euro verursachen dafür ist Alibaba bekannt.
I don't really know what it is.
I already have recommended.  Provided security required to have confidence to order.
none
I have had a personal case where the supplyer send me a different product and I got no support sofsr from Alibaba. Notice that I supplied Alibaba with independent evidence (the supplyer did not) and other scientifice evidence, BUT the result was that I paid 3800 US$ for a useless material.
Professional job, Thanks
i found it very easy to use and safe
a fair service and good tracability of any problem
Very hard to navigate and to find document... special..Payment document ( Inovice)
some seller trying to ask hidden shipping cost
alibaba website so slow.
Confidence in doing business across borders
i hope the theres no extra charges
It gives extra security to both parties and enables a smooth transaction.
very recommended for transaction on Alibaba
The high fee.
Price. Quality of services
Amazing service!!!
Good customer service
.
It is safe and can be trusted.
Making payments is alway a problem, payment is rejected many times before it goes through
Recién estoy empezando, esta es mi segunda compra. Por eso coloco poco probable
good quality products
it's very good for all products
Excellent service
N/A
There is no transparency if a vendor will use a 3rd party shipper as an intermediary before shipping via FedEx or DHL.  I am very unhappy that Alibaba allows manufactures to claim that they ship via air with FedEx or DHL, but then the company gives the boxes to another shipper, who then does the payment to FedEx of DHL.  This means the company can say that they "shipped" the items when they did not in reality.
i had trouble with one suppler, i lost 4000usd. trade assurance e didn't help me at all. i am really disappointed, they helping only suppler in china
great service
Great Prices and Quality
Security
security
buen trato al cliente y rapidez
i would highly recommend to other entrepreneurs to make more income.
Alibaba is safe, professional and the goods I've purchased are high quality. :)
I do wish that you could provide other means of payment like Transferwise and Payoneer.  Not everyone wants to do a Bank Transfer as there money may be in one of these other accounts.
I have never been in a dispute so I am not sure what to expect but it is easy to use
very satisfied with my purchases from this site.
Delay time on order. It has been more than a month of delay.
It is bias in favor of the manufacturer.That is not my opinion, rather fact.Feel free, to rectify previous Trade Assurance Dispute.
There?s not a lot of communication on when it will arrive. When to expect it. I physically have to go in an look and would like more updates. Also I?m seeing vendors saying MOQ of 500 and midway through say their MOQ is 10,000. That needs to stop.
because it gives the buyer and potential business owner and starters the assurance and peace of mind
I didn’t have any problems with it.
This is my first time using Alibaba' services. I really like this platform. I could find everything that I was looking for. But, one thing that I not approved is about some companys using in their announcement a  full range of price for the same product, for exemple: Tenor Saxophone from $250,00 to $1.500,00, I think this is not fair and for those types I didn't even made a contact if the company (I know that is not a problem or issue if Alibaba' service, it's related to the user that input their products their).
all perfectly! the quality matches!
It expires way too soon.. I need a refund from Ivy for an incorrect glitter that she sent me TWICE and she refuses to refund me until I order again. I won't order again from someone or a company that has no professional integrity. The bottles are marked as shipped but the shipping company (UPS) has told me numerous times they don't have the physical possession of the package(s). Seems as though I'm not really protected here at all.
I recommend it because your money is safe, and it`s not only good for costumers also for suppliers. Trade Assurance makes very secure and honest transaction
The shipment system is a little bit complicated.
Everyone associated with Alibaba treats me ok.
Is expensive
Alibaba is trustworthy.
Recently, I would not recommend an alibaba, they sell a lot of marriage, in case of a dispute, not all funds are returned back, deceiving customers, there was recently a dispute and I was deceived by the platform for a return delivery of $ 25
No comments.
easy to use
N/A
Trusted
Recommendable
The trade assurance order is supposed to protect you if the goods received do not match what is ordered. I ordered goods, when they arrived they were different, the trade assurance did not work and I was told that the supplier couldn't make what I had requested. If that is correct, then the supplier should not have taken my order.
shipping times are the only problem i encountered
Always wonderful working with companies in China - always very helpful and deliver excellent service - I recommend all the time
responses sometimes too slow
none
convenient  shopping lots of suppliers in on place
No answer.
good service
Very good service and easy to use the payment method
i cant say, still getting a feel.
Work is proper and very good
i recommend to pay save
I do not recommend it because it is a failed system, as if you were bothering customers
Well, the product is safer and more reliable.
search not relevant, sometimes takes a long time browsing to find products, and even with that depth of listings not good.  very limited
I would recommend it. It is good protection.
Sometimes shipping is slow
Seller strung me along for over a month and then gave up on their promise. What a giant waste of time and lost revenue.
el envio del paquete demoro solo 15 dias.
Easy to use and clear customer purchase
I think its brilliant because of the ease of use and increasing levels of trust
en todos los pedidos que eh realizado no eh tenido ningun problema, pero aun tengo la duda de como funciona realmente Trade Assurance si se llegara ah presentar un problema.
Because being such a distant place and when trading with people I don't know, the security of the commercial guarantee seems important to me.
I can't activate my account
They are on top of the transaction. The customer has support to receive the product ordered or the money refunded.
the vendors on your site are not trust worthy the
Is very safty
i am ok with the current service......regards.
TR?S HEUREUX
easy to use. feels safe security.
Bad support supporting a conflict with a supplier
Not sure about Trade Assurance Service but Toploong MFG provided great service and product.
It's a good idea to get Trade Assurance, especially if you're a new buyer.
I ordered my product over 2 months ago and I keep being told that it is with a forwarder and UPS is yet to pick it up. I do not believe this is the fault of UPS, the same way i was able to pay for my product is the same way i expect my goods to arrive.
Trade Assurance disputes are difficult and you cannot gaurantee the quality of product. Im trying to dispute right now and Alibaba cant even see my trade assurance orders even though it says trade assurance order.
trusted suppliers and return back money if something is not good
IF THEY COMPLY WITH THE SHIPPING
easy to track , give peace of mind for first time trade with new supplier/customer
they will give info when needed and very kind
I have not had a situation where I needed them to step in. However the only reason that I purchase large orders on Alibaba is because Trade Assurance is part of the agreement. Making large purchases on Alibaba with new to us/unknown vendors is risky and knowing that them getting my money is dependent upon me receiving and confirming their goods is huge. I would not do business here without it.
I placed an order an it was taken care of immediately and Trade Assurance followed up with the order and provided with tracking information.
Do you refund debit/credit card fee?
i like the way they do business.
Some expertise required to sift through results
Would recommend because it offers affordable prices for what you need.  But sometimes the shipping is a pain.
Haven't had too much experience to tell yet.
easy to use
Best service, Good price
would  because thus far every item has been wonderful and true to its advertisement
because I know that with the guarantee I can make a claim if my product is lost or is made of a bad material
It protects me as a buyer if things are not satisfactory
I prefer PayPal
take too long to get my goods dispatched from China
it was bad
porque  encontre buenos precios y en el tiempo estimado me llego la mercancia
I would recommend it because of how easy and fast it was to use.
Received product with many defects and was not even partially compensated, have spent thousands fixing.
Seems like a good service to have
I would recommend to Trade Assurance Service to make phone or whatsapp to contact to Alibba  trade assurance service
havent used it enough to know
I make the purchase, they send me the product with an invoice that does not record any information from my company, nor from the supplier company, does not detail the products and also does not record the amount paid, much less per unit and do not include the freight that is included in the price paid to the manufacturer
everything was fine
I have not used it
it was secure
it seems to be more secure and trustworthy
Allows  trust of the vendor to spend the money
Great products, great service
Peace of mind
Makes finding suppliers and conducting transactions easy and secure.
i have no use for it
Log in sometimes is difficult.  Once you want to place an order for an specific item,,catalog and pictures are too small.  You can lose track of what you want
I only have good things to say about the contacts I have had with various companies so far.
Very great service i have received
satisfecho
I love knowing my payment is protected even if I have received my order but it is not up to my standards. I have heard too many horror stories of businesses being swindled by overseas partners, and it gives me great comfort to know I don't have to worry about that with Trade Assurance.
I trust in this service because I think is very important to have someone in the other side to be care our interest.  We feel assure knowing that somebody is watching,
gives peace of mind.
After many years with Alibaba, I've finally made my first purchase on the platform, it's was worrying at first with all the advice to be carefully, but everything went well and I'm confident to do business on the platform from now on.
Need a website for Russia
N/A
Received product in a timely.
Efficient and useful.
Your transaction is safe
A small percentage of orders did have a problem.  Also, it protects against unscrupulous vendors.
I ordered Pepper Grinders in about 750 USD and when they arrived in Pakistan, i was charged 3x of the total amount i paid. Later i got to know the shipping company has added so many misc. charges.. ultimately i had to leave my shipment.because i did not have any solid proof and who to accuse, the supplier of the shipping company.after all this bad experience i decided not to buy from Alibaba anymore.thank you
Definitely would recommend trade assurance . You are assured against fraud.
Sometimes the information is not clearly shown, but at least its all there. The reports could be more user friendly.
Shipping cost and time for delivery. But is not Alibaba mistakes only
cool
it is helpful for looking for the new goods and we are safe for doing order by trade assurance.
I will recommend Alibaba because it is a great place to meet with suppliers and get your product for your business satisfaction.
So far i have had positive experience
Ordered product and never received it!
Gives comfort that your supplier is genuine and you can expect your goods
I highly recommend Alibaba trade assurance because this where I have succesful transaction. I did transact in Go for world platform and I was scammed. They don't have any action regarding this matter. But here in Alibaba, I'm confident that what I pay is what I get. I can sleep well that my order will arrive soon.
It is easy and safe for sourcing the goods through Alibaba .I appreciate it .
reliable for buyer
Quality as expected. Quick Production. Quick delivery.
alibaba is not easy system to use
Your customer refund policy is not very good, Some suppliers are not very liable.
the method of payment, specifically the exchange rate is worse than I can get from third parties.  The payment method limits the customers ability to get the best exchange rate.  This discourages higher value transactions
transaction was fast and safe... shipping fast too
Trade assurance and assitance is very good
Alibaba automatically assumed ordered items had arrived....but it hasn't come yet.  Lots of excuses, but postage times very poor. Banggood can deliver from China in 2 weeks.  Up to 70 days for Alibaba even with expensive postage charges.
Is not I not recommend it, just I havent used so I don;t know how works
I like the Trade Assurance because it make sure that the both sides are taken care of.
Good products.
payment on alibaba is too hard
Its hard work. Possibly less than 10% of the sellers are ACTUAL manufactures. Most are just resellers.
is a safe service for b
easy, safe and friendly interface
It provides sense of security and ease of transactions however, I did come across a couple of hiccups where my card did not go through and it seems to be the security system. It delayed my purchasing process as I was unable to make any payment for 3 days hence delay my deliverable to my customers who are mostly not very happy. Reaching out to the help desk didn't speed up the process either.
none
I feel I can trust them.
you feel protected and give a lot of confidence to buy in this site
A pesar de ser nuevo en tema de importaciones, para mi primer pedido que realicé la experiencia fué muy buena, los proveedores responden a la brevedad los mensajes, los productos llegan en el tiempo estimado y además en un perfecto estado, el único inconveniente son los impuestos que hay que pagar con la empresa transportista (en mi caso DHL) pero te entregan y detallan todo como esta clasificado
The attention is very especial
YES
trade assurance protect the buyer
Accomodating Sellers, fast in replying.
transaction not happening smoothly even after my both credit cards are verified. enquired with bank and it said alibaba restricting and not the bank
Make me feel safe.
I will recommend alibaba, but you guys need to make sure these supplers put the real photos of their products. also a lots of these suppliers are sharing the same pictures. sometime you dont who to trust about qualities.
I just purchased machine. The seller said that I received on June 6th 2020 and I did not receive until July 3, 2020 and now I cannot request refund. I am very upset. I have tracking number to prove I received a month later.
Reassuring service
it assures every orders and gives peace in every transactions.
It is easy to use and you get to see the full breakdown of what you are paying for. After doing one order, it becomes easier.
Seems quick and I have the ability to dispute any problems
it is an incredible service because my money is safe with the trade assurance
Because an order I placed, the supplier caused serious delays and also split the order up, in to 5 shipments. The fifth and last shipment was so late, that we lost some major orders, as our clients had already waited a very long time. They also shipped without documents and incorrect documents.The supplier,  Double Spring Machinery, caused delays in production and failed on their promises for delivery. When I requested a refund for the late (and not received) shipment, they refused until the deadline for the Trade Assurance refund request expired. They then sent the products anyway. My company has lost over $80,000 in sales, because of them.
too much delay in the delivery of orders. and arrive incomplete,,, very disappointed i thought i could trust alibaba as main supplier of my online store
some suppliers give you a better price, but whe you tell them "send me the paymet link", they say, we make payments only by TT or wire transfer, "we dont accept pays by alibaba page
I am new here. I like that you offer trade assurance, it feels safer than dealing with individual strangers who may not be honest. I do trust your platform more. Again, because I am fairly new as a buyer, I will better be able to give feedback after I have used your site a bit longer.
Ease of Mind
I would say that the buyer wouldn't have to extend the shipping time. They should be able to confirm when item was received
You are calmer before any scam. the request for the refund of the products that have not arrived and I have had a response very soon
The service has been great. I received packages in time unlike when I order from the USA
I didnt get my full order
good ok
first time using this site... Ordered 60 hoodies in 3 different colors.... after waiting 2 months for shipping only 1/3 colors arrived.  I'm filing for
no
Great service for dealing with someone the first time. Helps to build trust.
I recommend the Trade Assurance Service because it makes you comfortable and at ease during the transaction and you know that everything will be okay as it is guaranteed transaction.
its safest trade practice and quality is assured
The commercial guarantee service provided by alibaba gives us more security in being able to make purchases, since we know that we have serious backing from alibaba and can have a safe purchase. As if it was a letter of credit with the bank.
I'll recommend Trade Assurance Service because it is more assuring
I don't do not have a reson yet to not recommend Trade Assurance Service
One of my suppliers told me that I do not need to pay anything when I receive the product in UK, only VAT. But when I received it I had to pay a lot of fees, More than what I had to pay to the seller.
Im not sure I've never done the trading
It makes feel secure your purchase will be made correctly
Customer service is bad give you no protection you ask Aliababa charge when shopping but when i need you nothing happens. Strangely, I am still outside the Alibaba guarantee, I was defrauded by a friend of yours and you protected him I lost a lot of money through your fault
You are very far from the suppliers.If it is offered by the supplier, it conveys trust
Re: Chair order. the color was completely wrong. it isnt right that they can word anything in their quote and supply something completely different. This isnt right. You should enforce your rules stronger or make sure vendors post and supply their actual photos.
n/a
more secure
It's good insurance but the process is taking too long to dispute vs. seller receiving payment
Shipping costs are pretty high.
I?m ok for now. Thanks
recommend them since all parties need help with transparency alone
EL SERVICIO ES BUENO DE ALIBABA COMO TAL PERO DEBO COMENTAR QUE DEBEN CUIDAR AL COMPRADOR PORQUE HAY VENDEDORES QUE OFRECEN ALGO QUE NO TIENEN
If we choose to send by courier your system still asks for shipping terms (EXW, DDP etc). The supplier finds this confusing
very easy and helps us guarantee our goods quality and service
There is no customer service e.g. a telephone number, where German customers can talk to if there is a specific issues. It would be really helpful to have it. If there is a problem I have no contact.But overall it?s great to have alibaba.
Very Quick and efficient. Correspondence was very fast and in a polite manner.
The message is not so fast to communicate
I never try to use. So I don't know right now.
because i made an order in Ali baba, Seller made a lot of mistake, and Ali baba even I giving the direction of Dominican Republic and knowing that package will arrive in 2 month just give me one month for ask for refund.
Dopo avere pagato la merce da un venditore il venditore dopo una settimana ha alzato 2 volte il prezzo, io ho chiesto il rimborso e alibaba mi ha detto che mi possono solo rimborsare una parte di quella che ho pagato, è veramente ridicolo e assurdo, meglio avere a che fare con servizi italiani che sono piu seri di voi.
The products arrive very fast and in good shape. The communication with the supplier is excelent.
sometimes you cant upload videos which cause problems with a dispute. This should be made easier than it is.
I will recommend the Alibaba service to the people but will advice them to check sellers certificates like CE cert, as had some offers from some companies on Ali stating that they do have a valid CE cert and it was not true. Some companies are using fake certificates unfortunately.
i would recommend Trade Assurance Service for the safety of products ordered
It's a service quality waranty
excellent servis and help in all process till it end
Explained everything when whenever I had a problem got back to me with an answer said it would be 12 days and arrived within the time that was given
Trade Assurance is so important, it protects us buyers
I received delays that went far beyond the conditions stipulated in the contracts. Your insurance was useless. Now I have received defective goods and I really don't think I will be refunded for this very big damage.
It's three things I don't really like about Alibaba. The very expensive shipping prices, how long it takes to receive my items, and how they make you purchase a certain number of items to get the item you want. Everything else is pretty good.
It is great.
ok
no reason
OK
I definitely would recommend because it haves that extra assurance that no matter what happened, you are covered.
may god bless jack ma for this great Alibaba platform
very helpful tool
Seems to work.
I am very satisfied to have alibaba for trading
quick response and good seller
be satisfied in one's own way
i would alibaba is a great company.
Wasn't helped with a order tried to call for help no one returned my call or message
When you are negotiating whit some from another country, from a company you’ve never heard of, it’s comforting to know that Alibaba has your back if you don’t receive what you negotiated.
shipping is way too expensive , i would love to buy but the shipping sometime cost more than goods itself .
I love Alibaba is the best
Fast and Easy Transaction!
variaty of products
A very simple process
Great resource for quality goods.
The Trade Assurance's Credit Card Fee that nonrefundable when either sellers cancel the order or the order did not work out after the payment made.
Very fas turnaroud on orders and good communication
I like it
I recommend it one hundred percent is the safest way to buy.
there is no reason but charge a lot of money
Very easy to use and I liked how easy it was to keep track of my order.
Peace of mind.
protect the buyer
excellent service
It's safe
it was my first time buying and import form china.   i found it.   it was easy to do an safe
Its helps me feel more confident in the process of the transactions.
I would not because a lot vendors are selling the same merchandise.
I will recommend them because in general the attention of the different providers is very good
The security provide is the most important, when you want to try to buy to some suppliers
it works
Very safe transactions
Order Fullfilment Very High
Alibaba is a best platform for meeting suppliers, Forwarding Agents, Buyers etc. Very good suppliers can easily be found here and main thing that Alibaba also provide very safe transaction methods and have different methods of payments which suits every business persons.I Thank Alibaba for providing us this great service.
It ensures us as a buyer that we will receive the goods and the goods are what was promised
It is highly recommended, since this service guarantees the arrival of the product at the customer's destination
I would recomend because is a service that provide secure to customers.
Luckily I haven't had the necessity to use it so far (should be a not apply option).
seller did a mistake in the product selection, now my client returned the product and i gave full refund to client, but seller not giving my refund, i still have seller package, seller don't want the package now.
Excelente Service!!
Very easy
na
Por el mmento muy buen servicio
none its necessary
The products are amazing and the service is great.
Conviniance and transparency
So far so good.
Trade insurance is a must. Makes transaction safe and smooth.All terms and details are clearly described you buy what both parties agreed upon.
I am recommending that you visit Ali Baba's platform on my social media and website.I am very satisfied because they have a very large variety of products and they are at very good prices.
Because it is an added value to the purchase guarantee, it generates confidence in it.
The service/processing fees for using a credit card are a deterrent to using the service.
I read a review where someone was complaining about Trade assurance not helping them because they supplier was not honest in their communication!
There are some vendors that are very responsive and helpful. The pricing is competitive and the flexibility in designing product to meet company needs is helpful.
I've only made 3 orders so far. I've received one of my orders and it came in great timing. Still awaiting my other 2 orders, but as of now, well recommended!
Excellent service
Quality of the product is very important and how its packed and how it's been transported and so on.
None
Helped put me at ease in dealing with an overseas company
Its okay for now but involves lots of fine print which is very tough to read all through.
Traders are responsible, customers are humble, products with quality and the best prices!!!
Communication barrier is difficult to deal with
You can get the wholesale deals then anywhere else.
The shipper was dishonest.. Provided us quote for Air shipping but shipped via ocean. Told us delivery time 11-13 days but instead we received goods in more than one month. and some goods are still pending.
é um servi?os confiavel
BECAUSE IF I HAVE A PURCHASE AND THE PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE, YOU PROTECT MY PURCHASE
because it stopped allowing me to pay with my card stating security reasons and I cant speak to a live person to find out whats going on.
I recommend it, because it is easy to use, because people are very friendly and you find everything you need for your business, shipments are sometimes very high, but in others, that payment is compensated.And I do recommend it, I have no reason not to recommend it. only the shipping is sometimes excessive, but you can keep looking for another dealer
love everything on here
Not allowing me to make payment via bank transfer online.  Only accepting credit card.
Good services
better safe than sorry
It is a very trusted service
trade is could ,safe, and helpfully gives peace of mind ,recommend it to everyone to kind of insurea fruitful  businesses
good information at every stage. and good assurance, the only downside is there should be more clarity on manufacturers and traders.. this is the biggest problem on al baba.this should be vetted.
Money transfer can't be made in CNY from abroad.
I never received my pajama, I want my money back!!
Why tell me when my stuff is going ship at certain time and it does ship out till two weeks later. Then I contact the seller and they lie about shipping my order the next day
excelent
Communication and help is too little.
It  a secure trade and controlled by Alibaba, it makes delivery very fast.
Trusted Suppliers
Very confusing site and shipping times are longer than expected.
everything has been ok so far
We waited a long time to find out about a payment that was not reported to the supplier bank, although we sent all the documents proving the payment. It caused us to lose further orders
Because i paid for one order and still it under review about my claim. This is the second time such problem. I did not receive my order (100% paid order) and i cant get "Trade assurance help" and get my money back.
It is very hard and take a long time to find a trusted manufacture and the chance of ordering froma wrong manufacturer is 50/50
Many problem with the article,poor supplier's responses
With higher sums of money there is also quite high / rising fee
its perfect place to find manufactures all over the world
Just started as yet little experience of Trade Assurance as 1st order still incomplete.
I have just had a pleasurable experience thus far with the two vendors that I have used.
no
I like the trade assurance service as it protects both business and customers
not happy
It's simply brilliant to anything purchasing from China or Chinese registered companies.
not exisist
good quick transparent
I am feel save
Because a supplier sent me 30% of my products with failures, and does not want to recognize the refund.Supplier: Guangdong Minhao Techonology Co. Ltd.Seller: Kelly Zhang
I have problem on the order and now in refund progress, its take to long time to alibaba trade assurance to act. Supplier is confess they wrong only send 10pcs from 50 pcs and agree to refund by chat alibaba but the system of refund is too slow, take more day for progress. Please safe customer first, especially when supplier is confess problem from they are
When I had an issue with an order they didn't help me at all. They are useless.
I totally recommend it Because it gives you confidence and security, it also gives you support during a prudent period of time, to make claims or requests. And additionally it is a friendly system for both the provider and the customer
Satisfied
I am a buyer for many years, I always found very good suppliers, but they have scammed me with 28 thousand dollars since March and alibaba does not solve my problem, I ask for help
I feel safe making purchases knowing that I’ll receive the items ordered in a timely fashion.
So far all is great and easy to communicate with suppliers as well.
Sencillamente lo recomendaria, por que te permite realizar tus transacciones comerciales con la certeza de que tu negocio esta asegurado, eso te genera una gran tranquilidad.
fee a little high and service not even there
yes i would recommend it to another business owner, because its good
product quality check and safety
It acts as your security when purchasing goods,
Trade assurance gives me, as a buyer, peace of mind knowing that a strong company protects my interest and company as well as the seller's rights.
Not many other competitors to pick from. So far service has been decent with professional suppliers.
Makes me at ease to trust the seller
Very straight forward and easy to use. Great way to directly contact other businesses in China.
Not sure that work fine
Why do you evaluate your suppliers and show confidence
I would recommend trade assurance as it provides people with a sense of security knowing that if suppliers aren't legitimate or something goes wrong, alibaba are able to fix the problem
none
only used it once still needs more experience with it before I can rate it
Variety of price rangers and suppliers. Alibaba monitoring and ensuring safety on all orders.
The payment release date is too short.  Currently the shipment by sea takes more than 30 days. And I'll have to release payments before I receive my order.
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it helps you find the suppliers you need very quickly. I would not recommend Trade Assurance for massive orders as they have financial restrictions.
The product arrived in the indicated time.
I have not received a response on order dispute through Trade Assurance for many weeks now. It is not trustworthy at this point.
it is very safe for botk
I will recommend. I do not now why you ask this question
easy service. Thank you
I recommend , clients are protected against their purchase,  but assistance have to be improved when address any concerns
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it reassures me that my units will be insured.
Because up to now it gave me assurance about ordering, paying and expecting the seller will make the set deadline.
We are still trying to understand how to find vendors that are accepted in the US so we are able to sell QUALITY products.
I lost a lot of money for some products that never came to me, the seller only made sure to collect their sale and I lost a large part of my savings when I wanted to start and sell products from alibaba.comI'm very disappointed
Yes damaged goods
No
feels safe and like the vendors.
You get information every step of the way. From payment to receipt
Easy
the assistent LiLI, she is the best
delivered as ordered.  good quality
Because it's a good platform to work
good communication with supplier.
I have placed my very first order, it's almost a month late of arrival date and nobody knows anything. Then I received an email from here telling me that my order is completed. No it's not, and still waiting for someone to help me find it.
Trade Assurance Service is reliable gives you peace of mind. I would recommend to anyone
We have all the times answer of the fatories
I DID NOT USE IT YET
I dont know what that is
No insurance at all
TAS kept pasting same 'wait for the package" rather than refunding me ... for a month when the shipper said I'd have it within a  week.
I ordered a few products since April and never received the items. I have not gotten my funds back and its annoying that I have to run behind the supplier to refund me my monies. He expects me to pay $30.00 for shipping again just for him to resend the items. The is no option on this site to even apply for a refund. Why? No one to assist in the matter for it to be resolved. It's stealing and it needs to be dealt with.
I buy order from one supplier now order is close , but still not recvied the shipping why  i dont know!!!this information for orderOrder Number: 46849963501021118Order Date: 2020-07-18 05:01:31my email is :   khlad_khlad_71@hotmail.com
Sipping is too expensive by air
It seems a good service, I have not used it yet so difficult to comment
Good prices, good assurance and nice way to do business direct with suppliers.
I was not happy that I could not retrieve my money back from an order where the products were more than 50% faulty!!This should be possible, even if 6months have passed!Companies should be made responsible for their products delivered, that the products ARE in a working condition!!! Supplier should guarantee the working of the product for 1 year! And thus be liable if the product is FAULTY!!!That has made me skeptical!
It' is very helpful to customers
I have had 2 disputes in which Alibaba trade assurance culd not to anything to help me at all with the supplier.
The inspection part didnt understand it, I contact the supplier several times, they send one email that got my request , second email finish inspection, I couldnt open the inspection report till now
Easy to use
good service
The Trade Assurance service offers no protection. We had a product arrive in a damaged and completely unusable condition. Trade Assurance provided no protection in the end and had ridiculous conditions, like a requirement for a video of the original unboxing. It was assumed the package would arrive safely, but after determining it was damaged, how do we go back and video record the original unboxing?This is my company's one and only use of Alibaba. The platform is too risky for overseas buyers.
Excellent service, I trust Alibaba, thank you.
Faster turn around time is needed.
Time and again I order goods on alibaba and aliexpress and either never receive them or they are wrong or they are faulty
I was robbed, Alibba did not bother to protect my purchase, there was no evidence of cost, I simply send a message that it was my last chance, accepted or lost all value, all without even checking the facts, the seller in no time submitted a return costs document. On the other hand, I presented documents and email from the carrier that proved that the seller received the product, the freight informed that corresponds to the total value of the product was never proven by documents or facts and the attendant was not concerned with that, the seller was left with 425 usd and product. I was robbed and Alibba didn't protect me!
I will recommend to all to use here
I ordered yoni wands - my product arrived faulty with massive cracks, which have been glued back together. I can not sell these products. Randi was very dishonest and unhelpful which caused me more stress and delay starting my business. I honestly recommend another supplier who is cares about customer satisfaction opposed to just making money.
Reassurance
Its very Safe
You dont take care of the customers, I have been dealing with a trade assurance claim for almost 2 months since  June 2nd it was escalated  on June 3rd  ( 7 week)  each day the person from alibaba asks me for the same info again and again.. why do you even have trade assurance, sure isnt to take care of the customer!!!!
Good service over all.
I will also send you the full details
I have been conned and no refund from alibaba
We would recommend the Trade Assurance Service because it gives us a good feeling and security when trading with companies many thousands of miles away.
I would recommend Trade Assurance because it will increase buyer retention to the website. It also give safety for the buyer and it teaches sellers to be responsible on their items.
trade assurannce gives you the peace of mind  that the supplier will do a good job and that gyou womt loose your money
Great service
ok
It worked!
No, service was always good... :-)
j'ai un soucis auquel j'ai apporté la preuve ou cela a fait de la concurrence deloyale auprès des autres fournisseur et alibaba ne veut pas en tenir compte de plus l'article est abimé et pareil rien de fait.
because its just not an assurance - it is free will from alibaba to help. With two orders and none of them worked as agreed Alibaba or the trade assurance was with any help
I felt very secure.
service is good
a
not ready
My recent experience was great
It works! Well!
Alibaba sellers are difficult to contact, slow recation and very very long waiting shipping, sometimes even lost.
I like to use trade assurance service which give us security after settling payment.
I would recommend it because you get some assurance from the supplier.
I requested a refund and escalated to Alibaba, no answer.
I would recommend other  to use trade Assurance for the simple fact that it protects transactins
fast and reliable
Most of all, your website is very complicated and not arranged well. For example, "Creating my RFQ" should be shown in somewhere under "My Alibaba" menu. Totally nonsense.
Because it add seriously to the trading, and most important, as we are not present in China, it give trust to the buyers, that nobody will run out with your money.
I would recommend Alibaba because it helps a lot for new companies or start ups to step into the business and find there good suppliers for producing their own visions.
I took a hit from a purchase. The seller only sent me half the order and sent the tracking. Only half of the order arrived and I was unable to request a refund because it had already passed the deadline. Many salespeople are scammers. You need to specify this better to make the site more secure.
I have had contact with one supplier who simply has not responded to a request for their catalogue so I can order a particular piece from their selection - diffuser bottles. I also haven't heard back from a supplier of scented sachets. The responses from everyone else I have dealt with so far has been very good.
NO CUSTOMER SERVICE! WHERE IS MY ORDER? SHIPPED ON JUNE 17, 2020. TODAY IS JULY 20, 2020. MS CHRIS ADEMILUYI   MS CHRIS REALTY LLC  8309 MAPLE ST, LAUREL, MD 20707 USA.    301 254 1220CELL
So far i havent had any problems!
Great prices and very responsive suppliers.
They are an intermediary that gives confidence, and I have already bought two machines without any problem
Response time must improve
They really shipped the item fast and their customer service is great. They kept following up with me constantly.
My order was missing parts. I contacted the seller, they said they would look into it, and hasn't responded since. My molds also came in dirty.
The shipment was sent the day I requested the sample with my logo.  I received it 4 or 5 days later.  Mandy was excellent.
Alibaba service itself is good. But some suppliers are not good.
I would recommend for the added security
good prices
I would recommend it but the the shipping is too high
1- variety 2- security 3- assurance
Very fast response to questions.
It is not easy to place an other on the site and i don't how to track my orders.
It is simple and safe
Great prices quality service and product
hard to get refund and shipping takes forever
The customer has no idea if the shipping prices are fair or accurate. The sellers are taking full advantage of this
A client will feel more confident to order overseas, especially if it is a very small item, especially by sea.
COMMUNICATION CAN BE DIFFICULT WITH THE TIME DIFFERENCE
Didnt need to use it.
have not recived item.
Great for getting started with a new vendor. Ensures confidence on both sides.
Trade Assurance is for customer satisfaction and the trust to build between supplier and customer
gives you security in the purchases you make.
I do not recommend it since I made a purchase and my products arrived incomplete now nobody responds neither for my money nor for the products
easiness of researching items and contacting sellers but hard to get all the information you ask for
Alibaba stands behind its shipments to delivery! Critical in a global landscape.
Peace of mind especially when doing business with a complete stranger whom I do not trust at least not initially.
totalmente recomendado en cuanto a la facilidad de comunicación con los proveedores
no
because dont help to the customers when  we have problems with bad products, bad quality and useless items sended to the customer
nice
Security
trace assurance is trustworthy
So far very good service
I've ordered twice so far.  Both times have easy and once they were shipped, arrived very quickly.
Easy to use, clear, fast, efficient, safe.
i fill with my money safe
Secure paying, giving updates with orders and shipment, sending notifications and customer assurance
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service for the simple reason of the fact, that they kept us informed of the process, delivery time and then a follow up as to our satisfaction.
It's a good sevice
easy to use
Gives us buyers assurance of product
Having the reassurance on merchandise coming from overseas is important.
great way to connect to wholesalers. The most efficient way.
Its a very easy way to contact new suppliers
I am told you are releasing payment and the order is complete. It has not been delivered yet. Any now it is too late to demand a refund?
I would recomend widely, because all the products I have bought, arrived to my country without any problem and the whole route it?s been monitored untill it knocks your door.Excellent service.
VERY NICE PEOPLE AND GREAT PRICES
It protects me from issue from suppliers
Your website stuck. Messenger all the time create problems. Serious problems.
Shipping now is very long
It did not secure my payment until my package arrived. It did not ask for a confirmation or anything.
O
I bought 4500 Face masks to Jiujiang Konford Fitness Tech Co., LTD. on april 2020 and the courrier lost 1500 face masks, (1800 US dollars), the company told they dont have face masks anymore and they will pay me only if FEDEX pay them for the lost product. Today they told me they will send face masks when FEDEX pay them, but FEDEX told them twice they will only pay 150USD. And I cant find they way to ask alibaba.com to help me.
More assurance in dealing with foreign suppliers.
good material
When I made my first purchase I had a problem with the office, however, immediately when making the claim I got a response from you and the situation was resolved.
Alibaba have clearly ripped us off by not allowing us to submit valid information, everyone in the UK be very careful if you receive counterfeit products as they make it virtually impossible to get your money back
tarda mucho
There is a strong bias that benefits the seller. Since sellers are key for you, you keep them even if they make bad practices. Your system takes points from them, but to reach enough points to ban them from the platform takes forever. They know it and they take advantage.  I tried business with Yongkang J And K Industry And Trading Co., Ltd.. They put prices of products in the web as well as shipment costs and allow the buyer to make the purchase with no need to discuss prices with them. After the purchase is done, they contact you and ask you for more money if you want the product to be shipped. They also manipulate the system to put false tracking numbers. With the disputes, it is clear that the system also benefits more the seller than the buyer.
good
i dont trust that trade assurance will protect me, many people have advised me and said the same
Los vendedores colocan traking numbers falsos para cerrar las ordenes, y cierran la orden cuando aun uno no tiene el producto en las manos.
The only negative point is, when you need something ad you order it, you will have it asap and the delivering time is sometimes so long.
It offers buyers the protection required when doing business with new factories or suppliers.
Some sellers make the alibaba experience horrible. Jacking up shipping prices and lying about shipping products. Alibaba should have fair shipping.
It assures both parties that goods are paid or delivered as promised. Trust worthiness increases meaning long-term cooperation
Works OK
Slow shipping
there is no gurentee they are replying, so I dont know why. I am sure everyone has an interest to sell, but sometime communication isnt working, unless you send a direct e.mailthanks,
There is very little confirmation before payment.  Once you click make payment, it quickly makes the payment without giving the user enough confirmation.
the purchased product does not meet the specifications they said and I don't know what to do
It is a secure way of getting your stuff.
safe
Is Good System!
Payment difficulties
Would recommend as it gives the protection against fraudulent vendors.
recommend
Speed in communication and fast delivery
dgfd
The service has always worked for me, except in one instance, where the service contract was terminated before my order arrived.
trade assurance help protect you order in case something went wrong,
For fair transaction
Rapid and well organized
high shipping cost
I feel I have been unfairly treated. Alibaba actively encourage users to engage in inspections.  When there is an issue they take no responsibility.
I am very please and confidence to buy with the trade assurance, I was nervous at the beginning but no more now
I have not needed to call upon it but it creates an environment of trust where the parties are unfamiliar with each other and want to enter into contractual arrangements for goods and services. It says when I put my business trust here if there are issues which arise at any point we are available (Alibaba) to mitigate your lost and to assist you in finding an acceptable redress.
its trusted platform and i was able to get what i wanted
not right pieces
the trade assurance does not recognize when an order is taking long to deliver and closes the order even when it was not yet delivered and since it is on the way we dont want to apply for a refund putting us in a vulnerable spot
the money has been withdrawn but it still says that I need to make payment
Good prices, quality products.
Very easy to work with, huge selection and sellers.
ok ok
I had to get refund on another purchase and lost about $80us when not my fault. I messaged Alibaba a couple of times and no reply. I try not to use trade assurance now
Any reason
Great service all around but the disputs could be better for us business.
B450 AORUS M motherboard doesn't display anything. BIOS may be defective. It doesn't go through POST nor it beeps.
Informed on time and quick comunication. good price .
Gives me confidence to order knowing that if something is wrong with my order you will help me get it resolved.  I am thankful I have not had to use it, but it gives me assurance.
Secure transaction, trustworthy.
Everyone I have dealt with has worked hard and been efficient, with a drive for successful dealings
so that your money is safe since it is not known if the company is legal
Great suppliers. Fast response and shipping rates.
Service has been good and timely to date.
The reason I would not recomend at this stage. So far i have not recieved the Goods ordered. The original shipping was returned to sender. The shipping was sent a second time I nhopefully will recieve it this week? But you have closed my case because either - 1: did not ask for a refund2: did not claim i recieved the delivery in time.Where is option 3: I have not recieved the goods YET but i do not want a refund YET. I am just waiting patiently for my goods.The supplier has been wonderful throughout and has remained in contact but I dont like the fact that my trade assurance safety net is now gone before i recieve the goods.Yours sincerely Brett
good platform for buying wholesale products
It's secure and reliable.
I have now received two shipments with wrong sizes
faulty product
very easy and quick process
first of all shipping is way way TOOOO high & it takes too long to come this site  do not  give deals or take off shipping if i order a lot of an item & that absurd !!!! This WILL be my last order with n this company today !!
I will recommend people to use Alibaba
when I do a search for a specific product I always come across the same seller, and most sellers charge a low price to lure customers and when buying they say they made a mistake
fiabilité et clarté sur les commandes
None
When we confirm reception of goods the message is not clear the we still have time to get back to trade assurance if quality of goods is not as specified or if good are broken (detected after first use)
The procedure, the cost associated with the shipping, what to expect and the additional  cost going through customs was not clear.
it was my first order and it was just a sample, ill can say more, i think i will, when there will be more orders for big amounts... and the last thing.. trade assurance will be seriously worthy when there will be a problem between sides... then we really see how it works. So far i cant recommend or not trade assurance
all ok!
To expensive.
N/a
The invoice doesn't show the transaction fee, which makes it very difficult on the accounting side. The $5,000 limit per transaction is too low.
Easy to deal through
no reason
market have lot of potential only problem is this let me give you a example.i like  buy lot of stuff from different people and my buying power could be 5.000 in different suppliers products seperate shipping from different supplier it get to the point super high shipping.that be awsome example if i purchase from different suppliers is that anyway i recieve all my product together and i dont mind its take 10days to 14 day land the shipment in the bussiness.the place  i m trying to wholesale people thanks
insurance of Quality & Delivery
Great selections
Smooth transaction, fast shipping and product is high quality and exactly as described
Clear, secure, and fast transaction.
its more safe
Great products and service.
all products must have technical specifications, and what technical specifications say must meet or return the money.
I have more than 2 months waiting for Alibaba to resolve my dispute, due to a supplier scam (Yiwu City Kaisi Leather FactoryContact name: Sam Zou-ONE MORE) registered on his platform, and to date I have not received any refund of my money. What kind of filter do they have so that scammers like this are not on their web platform. There is more than oneEcuadorian scammed by this individual who has contacted me, because he uses my data as a reference to defraud people.
no particular reason
Secure and comfortable way to pay
I place an order and it never arrives, but the money is sent to the seller anyway. Maybe it is beause COVID has things slowed down, but the goods never arrive at any rate.
This service is excellent
Great support and the best way to keep in contact with your china providers
They are great
The post purchase service is satisfactory.
n/a
We had a problem with the liability of one of the suppliers and because of your service we were able to get our money back. We appreciate you help and business. Thank you, MCB Trading Israel.
It has good options of products. It'd be great if companies accept to sell to small businesses and dont ask for big amounts of pieces. Most of the companies I have asked to buy products for them, don't sell small amounts, so it makes it difficult for me to grow.
delayed orders
I would recommend Alibaba as i have always got good products so far and there is reasonable c
i would recomend alibaba but not some supplier. some suppliers not good doing business some are good
I think it is fine to have assurance service when you have new bussiness partner.
The service is very good
It is reliable and great
piece of mind
I would strongly recommend but also would suggest that the terms and conditions included for calling be included for various languages. I want to call and speak but cannot read the T&C's since its in CHINESE :) :)
Good support.
easy transactions
we are still waiting for our purchase! its a long way, and in such difficult time!
it would be help buyer and seller build trust , easy option very happy to use it again and again
IMPROVE THE DELIVERY SECTION
i ordered exhaust for a TTRS. doesnt even come close to fitting. ive tried to get a refund
iTS NOT EFFICIENT
So far the service is good. I have not used it a lot yet, but I like the interface and ability to communicate with the suppliers
Oversea transactions need to be assured and therefore require something like the Trade Assurance Service. An honest way to do buisness.
i pay for good i did not recived
great deals
Found what I needed, time and again.
Fast services
shipping price very high
Es recomendable, porque te da seguridad en comprar, pues si un vendedor me estafa, tengo la posibilidad de que Alibaba me devuelva mi dinero.
none
nothing. it's ok.
I would recommend it as it has helped bring down my material costs and found services not available in my area.
It is very secure
Difficult to navigate and have to negotiate
I appreciate the safety net it gives myself and my supplier
Because i never needed yet to return or exchange products that didn't come according to the order so I can't say it works
The service is smooth and seamless.
I recommend it 100% I feel safer and more protected when making a purchase
the suppliers keep promising and they dont fulfill the promises, its too difficult to deal with them. and they diputch is not very fair boned the customers unlike amazon website the stand with costomers rights.
Its a great place to get business oportunities
really good suppliers and good person to deal with
IT GIVES YOU REASSURANCE THAT THE MONEY YOU HAVE SPENT ON YOUR ORDER IS SAFE.
I loved the quality of the products.
Please ensure that you consistently help protect buyers on Alibaba. As small business owners, our finances are VERY important. Great job thus far!
Safe way to order small quantities.
i  think all  company should be run like yours .thanks alot for the great service.yes i already recommended Alibaba to minebusiness associates.
I see no evidence Alibaba will protect the buyer from sellers who make false claims.
Still Navigating the process and set up of site..... NOT definite YET..
I have only had good experiences.
This is my 1st time. Let us see effectiveness of this system
I'm very satisfied with the quality of all the products I received. Is very eassy to order and make all the transactions.
Because it is a fraud.  Seller sent me wrong product.  I provided proof, but Alibaba refused to make seller refund the funds.
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service because the service i've experienced while using alibaba has been great, the vendors are very nice and they respond back in a timely manner and they also provide quick services as far as shipping out product, the items i have received so far has been perfect the quality of the product is really nice.
It is very secure and convenient
.
It is simple and useful.
15 days after
I have only placed one order so far but it went smoothly and quickly so would recommend
If I recommend it for being clear and transparent in the processes
Fast and very credible and the suppliers are friendly and accommodating.
goos support from Alibaba and feel safe to purchase products. there are so many supplier to choose from.
Quick replies from suppliers,Good customer service.
ease of use people know what there doing
because of high fees when during refund. lots of fake sellers so just waste of money
I would recommend Trade Assurance Service as it gives the buy a true sense of 'peace of mind'. Knowing that if there were any issues, the buyer and the investment is protected.
no reason
I contacted customer service about my first purchase and the promotion that alibaba had running. I had purchased a sample and it cost me $35 so I received around $1 back.. then we changed the order (same order, just added on) to a larger $450 order. That was my first order and purchase since the other was voided. Customer service was horrible and when I asked to please have a supervisor contact me that person was even more rude.. stating "HI We are supervisor team.Sorry, activity is end now." I really feel like I was robbed of the promotion and I should have received the $17-18 worth of fees I paid on that order. For that fact, I was VERY DISAPPOINTED with customer service. I would like to spend thousands on here and it's the principal of the matter that the first time offer of waiving fees should have been honored. This makes me hesitant to spend more money on this site for that reason. If someone would like to contact me, then I would be happy to receive a phone call.
live chat
It's easy to navigate
I don't recommend Trade Assurance because I made a refund two months before, and today I don't get the money on my credit card.
As protection
expensive
Trade assurance protects my investment.
I would recommend because of variety of seller.
I highly recommend Alibaba Trade Assurance when it becomes in paying your orders because you can refund your money whenever there is a problem in your transactions.
suppliers were thoroughly vetted by Alibaba, which allowed me to feel safe and supported in purchasing from companies that I was not familiar with.
All companies i worked with and purchase items from were great prices were cheap and good quality.
I recommend because its a garantee
Great companies and service
good system
I have a question about a product I bought and cannot get an answer
I didn't receive everything I ordered and you can't rectify it because of the distance.
very nice, very fast, very security
good
highly recommend
Excellent service- fast and reliable.
easy to use
straight forward protection, a big part is the manufacturer as well. Overall "peace of mind"
I purchared 500 pair of Scissors from  Qingdao Leichi Industrial And Trade Co., Ltd.  and it took over 6 months for them to ship. I tried to order Scissors from  Qingdao Leichi Industrial And Trade Co., Ltd.  and they have a MOQ of 10 for their AH017 model Scissor. I wanted 500 pairs and they will not sell them as Bill stated their "Actual MOQ" is higher.I find this very dishonest and they are being very disrespectful to their clients.
Seller sent unsellable products and it has been 2 months and I still haven't received replacements
I have peace of mind.
You feel more secure in your purchase knowing that if anything goes wrong you have a leg to stand on.
makes it possible to do business
I can recommendo only suppliers wich we work
I would recommend because is very safe.
It's like shopping at the home market ... a safe and practical way of being in contact with the world!
good
it is reassuring to me
it gives you peace to know you're protected
The supplier continues to take my money, but ship the wrong product. I will be requesting two full refunds. I have worked with them for over a month and a half to try and get a simple order right. Even sent picture each time they messed up the order. The supplier confirmed the mistake and told me it would be right the next time. Charge me for shipping and still sent the wrong items again!!!
I don't give it 10 just because it would benefit my competition. Hahaha
I would recommend because I haven't had any problems with this website.
Your Trade Assurance takes WAY to long to process and you give the China Seller more assistance. I lost thousands of $$ due to your failure to protect the buyers.
not much information is provided , it would be better if you explain the process
takes forever, they dont really get all your funds back.  you still are charged your CC funds.  you should get everything back
I have my own business.  I do not share my information with competitors.  I have designed my own products and do not need competitors or customers trying to steal my product plans or contact my suppliers.
Have not fully utilized the service nor established a long term use therefore I can not fully recommend at this time.
i like it but there is this thing on the contract talking about dap so im confused at these things
i would recommend because everything is so much affordable. Only thing is the shipping is longer but that is okay as long as you pick the right company to purchase goods from you are good to go!
Efficiency
Still haven't received my items or money back.
Trade Assurance assumes I?m satisfied and orderd completed. That?s far from correct. Product hasn?t arrived yet ... what happend? apparently Trade Assurance doesn?t do proper follow up until completion of order.
You received mostl
speed and correct procedure in this ocations
It is important that products are protected with trade assurance to give businesses more security when sourcing manufacturers and placing orders via alibaba.
I recommend it for the support that the purchase is safe and in case of any problem I can report it
It made something difficult easy
There is no reason why not trade assurance
This my first time using it.
Is very secure and fast
do not know him
The person I'm working with has been very helpful and i have already completed one order with the intention to order again. Good quality, fast turnaround time, overall very satisfied!
It's complicated system for the buying process and approval of shipments when something is not accurate in the order there is a poor communication . The admin should be more in the middle between the supplier and client.
very clear and easy to use, creates confidence and will to make purchase/transaction. user friendly interface. overall very good experience.
Because Trade Assurance was supposed to assure the Buyer that if there were problems then you would have protection from loosing your money.  I have had a request for refund since May 19, 2020 and it has still not been handled.
I would recommend it as it allows importers to have more security in the purchase
Variety of products.
I’ve had very good transactions numerous times thus far.
XXXX
copletamente satisfecho.
I was very seriously deceived by the seller, sending an extremely low quality product. Faulty device.Ali Baba trading platform participated in the settlement of the dispute, but is absolutely not interested in restoring justice. I inform all my friends, including the media, about my current situation, where I was deceived, and the platform did not help in restoring justice.
Alibaba is great. However there are still a few companies who scam people. I have received samples that are great and then do a bulk order and it does not match the samples. It is very scary to pay so much money and be scammed. There should be a better process to protect the buyers. I have found some really great companies too. For that, I love alibaba.
I would recommend for security purposes.
Despite a supplier clearly lieing in their product description, you are refusing to make them refund my purchase that I now can not sell. They labelled the item as vegan, a few weeks after receiving the product they send me ingredients list not expecting me to search each ingredient individually and find out some were not vegan. So they lied. Instead of refunding me and removing the product (because they are falsely advertising!) you have told me no. Awful!
Like the assurance through "independent company"
I would recommend it because it is a good service
It is a very friendly platform with many suppliers and most importantly the trade assurance.
we have been let down badly by an Alibaba supplier
Alibaba is a great website for finding goods and factories, makes it very easy. and its easy to use the order and payment process.
neither issue or problem, ok to deal with
??? ??? ??? ??? ????? ????
Peace of mind
Safety, but a bit high transaction fee charged.
I would recommend the trade assurance of course because more trusted and effective communication
from the buyer's point of view, it makes the transaction more secure
I would not recommend Trade Assurance Service cz its good. easy to use.
Because I ordered 616-0429 batteries for my Ipod Shuffles and got 616-0548 which are completely useless to me.
Secure, accuracy ,transparency and convenient.
satisfactory conduct
easy place to find suppliers
I think I need to understand it better. 1 company wanted me to wire directly to them for the size of the order, and I'm very concerned. I would like to use escrow service so I can validate their product since I have no history with them. The completed transaction was just fine. The vendor was great! small order. I need a better way to handle big transactions or I do not fully understand your protections.
several supplies do not accept it . Also we have had that suppliers do not accept orders on the alibaba platform. That's very annoying spending much time discussing with the supplier and than not accepting alibaba orders.
no comment
Because my experience the one time I had problems with a supplier - Alibaba for some reason just closed down inquiry - I had a supplier who did not ship on time - 6 months late, would not pay FOB cost according to contract and deliberately withheld BL and finally marked orders as shipped when they were not - so as a buyer I would have expected Alibaba to provide me with some help and explain your role in how to help instead of just shutting down request for a discount. Finally I had to settle with the money given and again asked for help and then they closed down. Now I am in a situation were I did not get the money supplier and I agreed upon and had to pay local cost my selves. So my experience with Alibaba Trade assurance cost me 2600 dollars.
No.
Financial security is important. I lost twice the money. Third time when I receive my money it was 90$ less. It is Avery important issue for your business. Because trust is very important.
Very easy to work with, they also worked with my budget.
-
It's more secure
delivery was very swift once it was actually shipped.
I would recommend because its secure
nope
We can find manu things here
Can not choose Agent for FOB term , processing fee also higher than bank
I didn't get the product, that I was ordering
So many different options and companies selling the same product it could get confusing.
it is really a good service and fast.
Credit card fee is very high.
Though the items were stuck in customs, they were still delivered at my doorsteps.
For Safety and easy use.
Good Service, Fast Shipment. Reccomend Supplier
safety
i would use it for back up
peace of mind
the communication can be bad most of the time. I understand that's based in each company. its frustrating!  when your trying to have things manufactured and they dont have a cause about what you are saying. its challenging. ANOTHER THING!!
muy recomendado
charge transaction fees from sender and also from receiver at the end sender pay all so there is hidden cost. not honest transaction
seguridad al hacer las compras.
Easy to use.
I have only received one order but it arrived far faster than I thought
I can not make my payment with my CC and I have spoken with my bank and they dont have a problem
i like much the service
Very easy to use. great customer service. very convenient.
very good
It is amazing and convenient.
El producto supero mis expectativas
The process gives too much time for manufacturers to respond. Also the time to file a dispute is too small and does not give an opportunity to file after deadline has ended.
Great product and excellent customer service
Would recommend
I don't like not to be able to add as many credit cards as I want.
wel organized professional
Easy to deal with in most cases.
no comment
no resuelven mi problema  2 meses esperando mi producto no me dan reembolso
with a lot of shady businesses out there it just gives you added security
.
There is nothing to show the purchaser, the service is actually taking place.
easy to use
i rated it a 9...that means i would recommend it...
Its been 46 days and my order has not arrived
no reason
protect buyer
insurance
Never received my order
si
Is a good service
COMMUNICATION WITH ALIBABA CUSTOMER SERVICE IS VERY DIFFICULT, THE CONTACT INFORMATION IS READILY AVAILABLE
Takes to long to get orders.
I would recommend the Trade Assurance Service so both the buyer and the seller are covered if there are any issues with the order or payment.
Easy to use.
i could recommend, but is dificult
I did not receive my refund when a customer sent me a defective product.  I now have another defective product (different product) and hope I will have a different result this time.
Its really reliable
excelent services and payment.
the shipping fee can be a bit much
totally
service was excellent
fast delivery, good prices. the seller makes some mistakes
beacuse alibaba go a built-in protection service that covers orders placed on and paid for through the website
